I fully understand . I fully understand . I cannot say . I have to respect the person that , if it is not me , the person that wins , if I do win , and I am leading by quite a bit , that is what I want to do . I can totally make that pledge . if I am the nominee , I will pledge I will not run as an independent . but and I am discussing it with everybody , but I am , you know , talking about a lot of leverage . we want to win , and we will win . but I want to win as the Republican . I want to run as the Republican nominee . well , I have given him plenty of money . I will not make the pledge at this time . only Rosie O'Donnell . thank you . yes , I am sure it was . I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct . I have been challenged by so many people , and I do not frankly have time for total political correctness . and to be honest with you , this country does not have time either . this country is in big trouble . we do not win anymore . we lose to China . we lose to Mexico both in trade and at the border . we lose to everybody . and frankly , what I say , and often times it is fun , it is kidding . we have a good time . what I say is what I say . and honestly , Megyn , if you do not like it , I am sorry . I have been very nice to you , although I could probably maybe not be , based on the way you have treated me . but I would not do that . but you know what , we we need strength , we need energy , we need quickness and we need brain in this country to turn it around . that , I can tell you right now . so , if it were not for me , you would not even be talking about illegal immigration , Chris . you would not even be talking about it . this was not a subject that was on anybody's mind until I brought it up at my announcement . and I said , Mexico is sending . except the reporters , because they are a very dishonest lot , generally speaking , in the world of politics , they did not cover my statement the way I said it . the fact is , since then , many killings , murders , crime , drugs pouring across the border , are money going out and the drugs coming in . and I said we need to build a wall , and it has to be built quickly . and I do not mind having a big beautiful door in that wall so that people can come into this country legally . but we need , Jeb , to build a wall , we need to keep illegals out . border patrol , I was at the border last week . border patrol , people that I deal with , that I talk to , they say this is what is happening . because our leaders are stupid . our politicians are stupid . and the Mexican government is much smarter , much sharper , much more cunning . and they send the bad ones over because they do not want to pay for them . they do not want to take care of them . why should they when the stupid leaders of the United States will do it for them ? and that is what is happening whether you like it or not . a complete disaster , yes . correct . first of all , I would like to just go back to one . in july of , I came out strongly against the war with Iraq , because it was going to destabilize the Middle East . and I am the only one on this stage that knew that and had the vision to say it . and that is exactly what happened . and the Middle East became totally destabilized . so I just want to say . as far as single payer , it works in Canada . it works incredibly well in scotland . it could have worked in a different age , which is the age you are talking about here . what I would like to see is a private system without the artificial lines around every state . I have a big company with thousands and thousands of employees . and if I am negotiating in New York or in New Jersey or in California , I have like one bidder . nobody can bid . you know why ? because the insurance companies are making a fortune because they have control of the politicians , of course , with the exception of the politicians on this stage . but they have total control of the politicians . they are making a fortune . get rid of the artificial lines and you will have yourself great plans . and then we have to take care of the people that cannot take care of themselves . and I will do that through a different system . I am not I am not are I do not think you heard me . you are having a hard time tonight . you would better believe it . if I ask them , if I need them , you know , most of the people on this stage I have given to , just so you understand , a lot of money . many of them . not much . but I , I have good good . sounds good . sounds good to me , Governor . I will tell you that our system is broken . I gave to many people , before this , before two months ago , I was a businessman . I give to everybody . when they call , I give . and do you know what ? when I need something from them two years later , three years later , I call them , they are there for me . and that is a broken system . well , I will tell you what , with Hillary Clinton , I said be at my wedding and she came to my wedding . you know why ? she did not have a choice because I gave . I gave to a foundation that , frankly , that foundation is supposed to do good . I did not know her money would be used on private jets going all over the world . it was . but because I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you read about every day in business have used the laws of this country , the chapter laws , to do a great job for my company , for myself , for my employees , for my family , et cetera . I have never gone bankrupt , by the way . I have never . but out of hundreds of deals excuse me . excuse me . excuse me , what am I saying ? out of hundreds of deals that I have done , hundreds , on four occasions I have taken advantage of the laws of this country , like other people . I am not going to name their names because I am not going to embarrass , but virtually every person that you read about on the front page of the business sections , they have used the law . the difference is , when somebody else uses those laws , nobody writes about it . when I use it , they say , Trump , Trump , Trump . the fact is , I built a net worth of more than billion . I have a great , great company . I employ thousands of people . and I am very proud of the job I did . again Chris , hundreds and hundreds of deals . four times , I have taken advantage of the laws . and frankly , so has everybody else in my position . well , I let me just tell you about the lenders . first of all , these lenders are not babies . these are total killers . these are not the nice , sweet little people that you think , ok ? you know , I mean you are living in a world of the makebelieve , Chris , you want to know the truth . and I had the good sense to leave Atlantic City , which by the way , Caesars just went bankrupt . every company , Chris can tell you , every company virtually in Atlantic City went bankrupt . every company . and let me just tell you . I had the good sense , and I have gotten a lot of credit in the financial pages , seven years ago I left Atlantic City before it totally cratered , and I made a lot of money in Atlantic City , and I am very proud of it . I want to tell you that . very , very proud of it . and by the way , this country right now owes trillion . and they need somebody like me to straighten out that mess . I do not think they like me very much . I will tell you what . I have evolved on many issues over the years . and you know who else has ? is Ronald Reagan evolved on many issues . and I am pro-life . and if you look at the question , I was in business . they asked me a question as to pro-life or choice . and I said if you let it run , that I hate the concept of abortion . I hate the concept of abortion . and then since then , I have very much evolved . and what happened is friends of mine years ago were going to have a child , and it was going to be aborted . and it was not aborted . and that child today is a total superstar , a great , great child . and I saw that . and I saw other instances . and I am very , very proud to say that I am pro-life . as far as being a Republican is concerned , I come from a place , New York City , which is virtually , I mean , it is almost exclusively Democrat . and I have really started to see some of the negatives as an example , and I have a lot of liking for this man , but the last number of months of his brothers administration were a catastrophe . and unfortunately , those few months gave us President Obama . and you cannot be happy about that . first of all , Jeb , I am very happy that you denied that , and I appreciate that very much . he is a true gentleman . he really is . one thing he did say , and I mean that . the one thing he did say about me , however , was my tone . and I also understand that . but when you have people that are cutting Christian's heads off , when you have a world that the border and at so many places , that it is medieval times , we have never it almost has to be as bad as it ever was in terms of the violence and the horror , we do not have time for tone . we have to go out and get the job done . I would be so different from what you have right now . like , the polar opposite . we have a president who does not have a clue . I would say he is incompetent , but I do not want to do that because that is not nice . but if you look at the deals we make , whether it is the nuclear deal with hour periods and by the way , before you get to the hours , you have to go through a system . you look at Seargant Bergdahl , we get Bergdahl , a traitor , and they get five of the big , great killers leaders that they want . we have people in Washington that do not know what they are doing . now applause ; scream from audience I agree . now , with Iran , we are making a deal , you would say , we want him . we want out our prisoners . we want all these things , and we do not get anything . we are giving them billion dollars plus , they are going to be I will tell you what , if Iran was a stock , you folks should go out and buy it right now because you will quadruple this , what is happening in Iran , is a disgrace , and it is going to lead to destruction in large portions of the world . our country is in serious trouble . we do not win anymore . we do not beat China in trade . we do not beat Japan , with their millions and millions of cars coming into this country , in trade . we cannot beat Mexico , at the border or in trade . we cannot do anything right . our military has to be strengthened . our vets have to be taken care of . we have to end Obamacare , and we have to make our country great again , and I will do that . thank you . I am Donald Trump . I wrote the art of the deal . I say not in a braggadocious way , I have made billions and billions of dollars dealing with people all over the world , and I want to put whatever that talent is to work for this country so we have great trade deals , we make our country rich again , we make it great again . we build our military , we take care of our vets , we get rid of Obamacare , and we have a great life altogether . thank you . thank you . well , first of all , rand paul should not even be on this stage . he is number , he is got percent in the polls , and how he got up here , there is far too many people anyway . as far as temperament -- and we all know that -- as far as temperament , I think I have a great temperament . I built a phenomenal business with incredible , iconic assets , one of the really truly great realestate businesses . and I may be an entertainer , because I have had tremendous success with numberone bestsellers all over the place , with the apprentice and everything else I have done . but I will tell you this what I am far and away greater than an entertainer is a businessman , and that is the kind of mindset this country needs to bring it back , because we owe trillion right now , trillion , and you need this kind of thinking to bring our country back . and believe me , my temperament is very good , very calm . but we will be respected outside of this country . we are not respected now . I never attacked him on his look , and believe me , there is plenty of subject matter right there . that I can tell you . I have actually been in politics all my life , although I have been on that side as opposed to this side . I am now a politician for about three months . obviously , I am doing pretty well . I am number one in every poll by a lot . but the qualification is that I have dealt with people all over the world , been successful all over the world . everything I have done virtually has been a tremendous success . when markets changed , when things turned , I heard Governor pataki , who , by the way , was a failed Governor in New York , a very seriously failed -- he would not be elected dog catcher right now . I heard what he had to say . and I will tell you this Atlantic City , I have made a tremendous amount of money in Atlantic City . I left seven years ago , I have gotten great credit for my timing , and that is what I am all about . I am a businessman , did really well , really well , and Jeb , what I want to do is put that ability into this country to make our country rich again . and I can do that , and I am not sure that anybody else in the group will be able to do that . but I have to say well , in wisconsin excuse me . in wisconsin , you are losing . billion right now . I would do so much better than that . no . I am using facts . every major business leader has used the -- I never went bankrupt , by the way , as you know , everybody knows . but we -- hundreds of companies , hundreds of deals , I have used into bankruptcy . that is what is wrong with politicians in Washington right now . they think we can take a country into bankruptcy . every major business leader , has used the -- I never went bank bankrupt , by the way , as you know , everybody knows . but -- hundreds of companies , hundreds of deals , I used the law four times and made a tremendous thing . I am in business . I did a very good job . but I will say this , and people are very , very impressed with what I have done , the business people . but when the folks of Iowa found out the true facts of the job that you have done in wisconsin , all of a sudden you , tubed , he was no . and now he is no . or seven in the polls . so , look , we brought it out , you were supposed to make a billion dollars in the state . you lost . you have right now , a huge budget deficit . that is not a Democratic point . that is a point . that is a fact . and when the people of Iowa found that out , I went to no . and you went down the tubes . I did not -- totally false . I would have gotten it . I promise I would have gotten it . I promise if I wanted it , I would have gotten it . I know my people . I know my people . no . I just will tell you that , you know , Jeb made the statement . I am not only referring to him . I -- a lot of money was raised by a lot of different people that are standing up here . and the donors , the special interests , the lobbyists have very strong power over these people . I am spending all of my money , I am not spending -- I am not getting any -- I turned down -- I turn down so much , I could have right now from special interests and donors , I could have double and triple what he is got . I have turned it down . I turned down last week million from somebody . so I will tell you I understand the game , I have been on the other side all of my life . and they have a lot of control over our politicians . and I do not say that favorably , and I am not sure if there is another system , but I say this . I am not accepting any money from anybody . nobody has control of me other than the people of this country . I am going to do the right thing . that is true . that is true . I was -- excuse me , Jeb . I was a businessman , I got along with Clinton , I got along with everybody . that was my job , to get along with people . I did not want to -- excuse me . one second . ok , more energy tonight . I like that . look -- I did not want -- it was my obligation as a businessman to my family , to my company , to my employees , to get along with all politicians . I get along with all of them , and I did a damn good job in doing it . go ahead . got along with everybody . wrong . do not make things up . Jeb , do not make things up . come on . do not make things up . so , number one , they have to respect you . he has absolutely no respect for President Obama . zero . Syria's a mess . you look at what is going on with ISIS in there , now think of this we are fighting ISIS . ISIS wants to fight Syria . why are we fighting ISIS in Syria ? let them fight each other and pick up the remnants . I would talk to him . I would get along with him . I believe -- and I may be wrong , in which case I would probably have to take a different path , but I would get along with a lot of the world leaders that this country is not getting along with . we do not get along with China . we do not get along with the heads of Mexico . we do not get along with anybody , and yet , at the same time , they rip us left and right . they take advantage of us economically and every other way . we get along with nobody . I will get along -- I think -- with Putin , and I will get along with others , and we will have a much more stable -- stable world . I believe that I will get along -- we will do -- between that , Ukraine , all of the other problems , we will not have the kind of problems that our country has right now with Russia and many other nations . I would not have drawn the line , but once he drew it , he had no choice but to go across . they do bear some responsibility , but I think he probably did not do it , not for that reason . somehow , he just does not have courage . there is something missing from our president . had he crossed the line and really gone in with force , done something to Assad -- if he had gone in with tremendous force , you would not have millions of people displaced all over the world . they had a responsibility , absolutely . I think we have three of them here I think they had a responsibility , yes . Jeb , just I think it will haunt him . I think it is a terrible . I think it is going to haunt him absolutely . he came back later and he said he misspoke . there was no question because I heard when he said the statement . I was watching and he said the statement . and I said , wow , I cannot believe it . I will take care of women . I respect women . I will take care of women . one thing we will say and I would like to get back to the Iran situation . we are talking about Iran . the agreement was terrible . it was incompetent . I have never seen anything like it . one of the worst contracts of any kind I have ever seen . and nobody ever mentions North Korea where you have this maniac sitting there and he actually has nuclear weapons and somebody better start thinking about North Korea and perhaps a couple of other places . but certainly North Korea . and Ted and I have spoken . we have -- a lot of us have spoken . we are talking about Iran . they are bad actors , bad things are going to happen . but in the meantime , you have somebody right now in North Korea who has got nuclear weapons and who is saying almost every other week , I am ready to use them . and we do not even mention it . so why did not you say it ? why did not you say it ? I know , but why did you say it ? I heard it myself . why did you say it ? you said you are going to cut funding for womens health . you said it . you said it . I think she is got a beautiful face , and I think she is a beautiful woman . correct . first of all , I want to build a wall , a wall that works . so important , and it is a big part of it . second of all , we have a lot of really bad dudes in this country from outside , and I think Chris knows that , maybe as well as anybody . they go , if I get elected , first day they are gone . gangs all over the place . Chicago , baltimore , no matter where you look . we have a country based on laws . I will make sure that those laws are adhered to . these are illegal immigrants . I do not think you would even be asking this question if I did not run because when I ran , and I brought this up , my opening remarks at Trump tower , I took heat like nobody has taken heat in a long time . and , then they found out with the killing of katie , from San Francisco , and so many other crimes , they found out that I was right . and , most people , many people , apologized to me . I do not think you would even be talking about illegal immigration if it were not for me . so , we have a country of laws , they are going to go out , and they will come back if they deserve to come back . if they have had a bad record , if they have been arrested , if they have been in jail , they are never coming back . we are going to have a country again . right now , we do not have a country , we do not have a border , and we are going to do something about it , and it can be done with proper management , and it can be done with heart . by the way , I agree with -- with what Chris is saying , but , I will say this . illegal immigration is costing us more than billion dollars a year just to maintain what we have . correct . well , I have to tell you , I hear phenomenal things . I hear your wife is a lovely woman I do not know her , and this is a total mischaracterization good . no , I will not do that , because I have said nothing wrong . but I do hear she is a lovely woman . Jeb said that they come into our country as an act of love . with all of the problems we that we have , in so many instances -- we have wonderful people coming in . but with all of the problems -- this is not an act of love . he is weak on immigration -- by the way , in favor of common core , which is also a disaster , but weak on immigration . he does not get my vote . not with this intensity . as I said , we are spending billion -- we are spending billion a year on maintaining what we have . we will move them out . the great ones will come back , the good ones will come back . they will be expedited , they will be back , they will come back legally . we will have a country -- they will come back , legally . well , I think it is wonderful and all , but I did it a little bit half-heartedly , but I do mean it to a large extent . we have a country , where , to assimilate , you have to speak english . and I think that where he was , and the way it came out did not sound right to me . we have to have assimilation -- to have a country , we have to have assimilation . I am not the first one to say this , Dana . we have had many people over the years , for many , many years , saying the same thing . this is a country where we speak english , not spanish . this is a reporter , not a high school kid . well , first of all , the -- the amendment says very , very clearly to a lot of great legal scholars -- not television scholars , but legal scholars -- that it is wrong . it can be corrected with an act of congress , probably does not even need that . a woman gets pregnant . she is nine months , she walks across the border , she has the baby in the United States , and we take care of the baby for years . I do not think so . and by the way , Mexico and almost every other country anywhere in the world does not have that . we are the only ones dumb enough , stupid enough to have it . and people -- and by the way , this is not just with respect to Mexico . they are coming from Asia to have babies here , and all of a sudden , we have to take care of the babies for the life of the baby . the amendment , it reads properly , you can go and -- it is probably going to be have to be check -- go through a process of court , probably ends up at the Supreme Court , but there are a lot of great legal scholars that say that is not correct . and in my opinion , it makes absolutely no -- we are the only -- one of the only countries , we are going to take care of those babies for years ? I do not think so . I agree percent , by the way , with Carly on the fact that the Democrats do not want to solve this problem , for the obvious reasons , but they do not . but I believe that a reading of the th amendment allows you to have an interpretation where this is not legal and where it cannot be done . I have seen both sides , but some of the greatest scholars agree with me , without having to go through congress . if you do go through congress , you can absolutely solve the problem . that is true , sure . well -- let me -- well , let me just explain . the head of the yale business school , Jeffrey Sonnenfeld , wrote a paper recently , one of the worst tenures for a CEO that he has ever seen , ranked one of the top in the history of business . the company is a disaster and continues to be a disaster . they still have not recovered . in fact , today , on the front page of the wall street journal , they fired another or , people saying we still have not recovered from the catastrophe . when Carly says the revenues went up , that is because she bought Compaq , it was a terrible deal , and it really led to the destruction of the company . now one other company before that was Lucent . Carly was at Lucent before that . and Lucent turned out to be a catastrophe also . so I only say this . she cannot run any of my companies . that I can tell you . I never filed for bankruptcy . I will tell you why ; it is very simple . I will tell you . I was running -- Carly , Carly -- I have made over billion . I had a casino company -- Caesars just filed for bankruptcy . Chris will tell you -- it is not Chris fault either -- but almost everybody in Atlantic City is either in trouble or filed for -- maybe I will blame Chris . but Atlantic City is a disaster -- wait a minute , Carly . wait . I let you speak . Atlantic City is a disaster , and I did great in Atlantic City . I knew when to get out . my timing was great . and I got a lot of credit for it . many of the great business people that you know -- and Carl Icahn is going to work with me on making great deals for this country . but whether it is Carl or so many others that we read about all the time -- they have used the laws of the land , which is the -- well , I would like to respond , I would like to respond well , I think the thing about the flat tax , I know it very well . what I do not like is that if you make million a year , you pay ten percent , you are paying very little relatively to somebody that is making , a year , and has to hire hr block to do the -- because it is so complicated . one thing I will say to Ben is that we have had a graduated tax system for many years , so it is not a socialistic thing . what I would like to do , and I will be putting in the plan in about two weeks , and I think people are going to like it , it is a major reduction in taxes . it is a major reduction for the middle class . the hedge fund guys will not like me as much as they like me right now . I know them all , but they will pay more . I know people that are making a tremendous amount of money and paying virtually no tax , and I think it is unfair . well , I heard hugh hewitt , a nice man , he apologized because he actually said that we had a misunderstanding . and he said today that Donald Trump is maybe the best interview there is anywhere that he has ever done . now unless he was just saying that on CNN to be nice , but he did say that and we had a legitimate misunderstanding in terms of his pronunciation of a word . but I would say just well , I think it was . and he actually said that . did you say that ? ok . so I will say this , though , hugh was giving me name after name , arab name , arab name , and there are few people anywhere , anywhere that would have known those names . I think he was reading them off a sheet . and frankly I will have -- and I told him , I will have the finest team that anybody has put together and we will solve a lot of problems . you know , right now they know a lot and look at what is happening . the world is blowing up around us . we will have great teams and great people . I hope that answers your question . I mean , you are in the senate , but I hope that answers your question . no , I do not think he is suggesting that at all . I mean I do not think he is suggesting that at all . well , you have to understand , I am not sitting in the United States senate with , by the way , the worst voting record there is today . number one . I am not sitting in the United States senate . I am a businessman doing business transactions . I am doing business transactions . I will know more about this -- and , as you said , that was very acceptable , and when you listen to that whole interview , it is a great interview , you said it , I did not . well , now I did . but listen , just one second . just one second . I will know I will know more about the problems of this world by the time I sit , and you look at what is going in this world right now by people that supposedly know , this world is a mess . I am -- and I am meeting with people that are terrific people , but I have to say something because it is about judgment . I am the only person on this dais -- the only person -- that fought very , very hard against us , and I was not a sitting politician going into Iraq , because I said going into Iraq -- that was in , you can check it out , check out -- I will give you different stories . in fact , a delegation was sent to my office to see me because I was so vocal about it . I am a very militaristic person , but you have to know when to use the military . I am the only person up here that fought against going into Iraq . just excuse me , one second , rand if you do not mind , rand -- you know , you are on last -- you do have your percent . I would like -- and I think it is very important . I think it is important , because it is about judgment . it is about judgment . I did not want to go into Iraq , and I fought it , because what I said -- what I said was you are going to -- you are going to destabilize the Middle East , and that is what happened . if you think about it your brother -- and your brothers administration gave us Barack Obama , because it was such a disaster , those last three months , that Abraham Lincoln could not have been elected . I do not know . you feel safe right now ? I do not feel so safe . or the collapse of the economy . speaking for myself , I am ok with it . I think there is a certain truth to it . I know people that , frankly , it has no impact on their life what so ever . there are many people . I would almost say leave it up to them , but I would be willing to check it off , and say I will not get social security . I do not as a policy , I would almost leave it up to the people . do not forget they pay in and they pay in , and maybe they do well , and maybe some people want it . but the fact is that there are people that truly do not need it , and there are many people that do need it very , very badly . and I would be willing to write mine off percent , Dana . well , I -- I -- I would like to respond . I would like to respond . autism has become an epidemic . twenty-five years ago , years ago , you look at the statistics , not even close . it has gotten totally out of control . I am totally in favor of vaccines . but I want smaller doses over a longer period of time . because you take a baby in -- and I have seen it -- and I have seen it , and I had my children taken care of over a long period of time , over a two or three year period of time . same exact amount , but you take this little beautiful baby , and you pump -- I mean , it looks just like it is meant for a horse , not for a child , and we have had so many instances , people that work for me . just the other day , two years old , two and a half years old , a child , a beautiful child went to have the vaccine , and came back , and a week later got a tremendous fever , got very , very sick , now is autistic . I only say it is not -- I am in favor of vaccines , do them over a longer period of time , same amount . but just in -- in little sections . I think -- and I think you are going to have -- I think you are going to see a big impact on autism . and that is all I am saying , Jake . that is all I am saying . well , because she is been sitting for three hours , I think my daughter , Ivanka , who is right here . other than that we will go with Rosa Parks . I like that . humble . if I become president , we will do something really special . we will make this country greater than ever before . we will have more jobs . we will have more of everything . we were discussing disease , we were discussing all sorts of things tonight , many of which will just be words , it will just pass on . I do not want to say politicians , all talk , no action . but a lot of what we talked about is words and it will be forgotten very quickly . if I am president , many of the things that we discussed tonight will not be forgotten . we will find solutions . and the world will respect us . they will respect us like never before . and it will be actually a friendlier world . and I have to say , it is a great honor to be here tonight . I think maybe my greatest weakness is that I trust people too much . I am too trusting . and when they let me down , if they let me down , I never forgive . I find it very , very hard to forgive people that deceived me . so I do not know if you would call that a weakness , but my wife said let up . right . right . that is right . no , not a comic book , and it is not a very nicely asked question the way you say that . Larry Kudlow is an example , who I have a lot of respect for , who loves my tax plan . we are reducing taxes to percent . we are bringing corporate taxes down , bringing money back in , corporate inversions . we have . trillion outside of the United States which we want to bring back in . as far as the wall is concerned , we are going to build a wall . we are going to create a border . we are going to let people in , but they are going to come in legally . they are going to come in legally . and it is something that can be done , and I get questioned about that . they built the great wall of China . that is , miles . here , we actually need , because we have natural barriers . so we need , . we can do a wall . we are going to have a big , fat beautiful door right in the middle of the wall . we are going to have people come in , but they are coming in legally . and Mexico's going to pay for the wall because Mexico -- I love the Mexican people ; I respect the Mexican leaders -- but the leaders are much sharper , smarter and more cunning than our leaders . and just to finish , people say , how will you get Mexico to pay ? a politician other than the people in the states -- I do not want to -- a politician cannot get them to pay . I can . we lose , we have a trade imbalance excuse me , John of billion believe me the world is peanuts by comparison . right . dynamically . then you have to get rid of Larry Kudlow , who sits on your panel , who is a great guy , who came out the other day and said , I love Trumps tax plan . first of all , John got lucky with a thing called fracking , ok ? he hit oil . he got lucky with fracking . believe me , that is why Ohio is doing well . number -- and that is important for you to know . number two , this was the man that was a managing general partner at Lehman Brothers when it went down the tubes and almost took every one of us with it , including Ben and myself , because I was there and I watched what happened . and Lehman Brothers started it all . he was on the board . and he was a managing general partner . and just thirdly , he was so nice . he was such a nice guy . and he said , oh , I am never going to attack . but then his poll numbers tanked . he has got -- that is why he is on the end . and he got nasty . and he got nasty . so you know what ? you can have him . I think you are -- well , first of all , like many other very big businessmen , I could name them here , but I am not going to do that for a lot of obvious reasons , but the biggest , and almost all of them , they have all used the chapter laws , the bankruptcy laws to their own benefit . before this , I was a very successful person as a developer and as a businessman . Atlantic City has gone bad . I mean , Chris will know about that . I am not blaming Chris , by the way , but he will know about that . Caesars -- excuse me -- Caesars , the rollsroyce , as you know , is in bankruptcy . almost every hotel in Atlantic City has either been in bankruptcy or will be in bankruptcy -- the biggest . but also the biggest people -- now I have used that to my advantage as a business man , for my family , for myself . I never filed for bankruptcy . but many , many people did . what happened with Atlantic City is very , very disgraceful . now hundreds of companies I have opened . I have used it three times , maybe four times . came out great . but I guess I am supposed to come out great . that is what I could do for the country . we owe trillion , boy am I good at solving debt problems . nobody can solve it like me . but I will tell you this , Atlantic City , you are using that , hundreds of companies that I have opened have thrived . I built a net worth of way over billion , and I have done it four times out of hundreds . and I am glad I did it . I used the laws of the country to my benefit , I am sorry . thank you . I was not at all critical of him . I was not at all . in fact , frankly , he is complaining about the fact that we are losing some of the most talented people . they go to Harvard . they go to yale . they go to Princeton . they come from another country and they are immediately sent out . I am all in favor of keeping these talented people here so they can go to work in silicon valley . so I have nothing at all critical of him . probably , I do not know -- you people write the stuff . I do not know where you and if I could say just one thing . I am the only person in either campaign that is self-funding . I am putting up percent of my own money . and right now , I will be putting up a tremendous -- so far , I have put up less than anybody and I have the best results . would not that be nice if the country could do that ? but I will be putting -- I will be putting up , you know , tremendous amounts of money . superpacs are a disaster . they are a scam . they cause dishonesty . and you better get rid of them because they are causing a lot of bad decisions to be made by some very good people . and I am not blaming these folks -- well , I guess I could . very good people are making very bad decisions right now . and if anything comes out of this whole thing with some of these nasty and ridiculous questions , I will tell you , you better get rid of the superpacs because they causing a big problem with this country , not only in dishonesty and what is going on , but also in a lot of bad decisions that have been made for the benefit of lobbyists and special interests . I never said that . I never said that . you have got another gentleman in Florida , who happens to be a very nice guy , but not he is really doing some bad I am in favor of people coming into this country legally . and you know what ? they can have it anyway you want . you can call it visas , you can call it work permits , you can call it anything you want . I have created tens of thousands of jobs , and in all due respect -- and actually some of these folks I really like a lot -- but I am the only one that can say that . I have created tens of thousands of jobs , and I will be creating many millions of jobs if I am given -- if I am given the opportunity to be president . as far as mark is concerned , as far as the visas are concerned , if we need people , they have -- it is fine . they have to come into this country legally . we have a country of borders . we have a country of laws . we have to obey the laws . it is fine if they come in , but they have to come in legally . yes . or somebody else . right . yes , I might feel more comfortable . I would say that I would and I have a permit , which is very unusual in New York -- a permit to carry . and I do carry on occasion , sometimes a lot . but I like to be unpredictable so that people do not know exactly by the way , unlike our country where we are totally predictable and the enemy , whether it is ISIS or anybody else , they know exactly what we are doing because we have the wrong leadership . but I feel that the gunfree zones and , you know , when you say that , that is target practice for the sickos and for the mentally ill . that is target . they look around for gunfree zones . you know , we could give you another example -- the marines , the army , these wonderful six soldiers that were killed . two of them were among the most highly decorated -- they were not allowed on a military base to have guns . and somebody walked in and shot them , killed them . if they had guns , he would not be around very long . I can tell you , there would not have been much damage . so , I think gunfree zones are a catastrophe . they are a feeding frenzy for sick people . I would change them . I would change them . such a nasty -- such a nasty question , but thank you , Governor . yes , it is very simple . we are going to make a really dynamic economy from what we have right now , which is not at all dynamic . we are going to bring jobs back from Japan , we are going to bring jobs back from China , we are going to bring , frankly , jobs back from Mexico where , as you probably saw , Nabisco is leaving Chicago with one of their biggest plants , and they are moving it to Mexico . we are going to bring jobs and manufacturing back . we are going to cut costs . we are going to save social security , and we are going to save medicare . our country does not win anymore . we used to win , we do not win anymore . we lose on trade . we lose with ISIS . we lose with one of the worst deals I have ever seen negotiated of any kind , that is our recent catastrophe with Iran . we do not win . let me give you one quick example . these folks , CNBC , they had it down at three , three and a half hours . I just read today in the New York Times , for a second ad . I went out and said , it is ridiculous . nobody -- I could stand up here all night . nobody wants to watch three and a half , or three hours . it was a back sacrifice , and I have to hand it to Ben . we called Ben , he was with me . we called in , we said , that is it . we are not doing it . they lost a lot of money , everybody said it could not be done . everybody said it was going to be three hours , three and a half , including them , and in about two minutes I renegotiated it so we can get the hell out of here . not bad . and , I will do that with the country . we will make America great again . and , thank you everybody . just for the record . that is not right . that is absolutely not right . you know that . that is not right . I cannot be neil . and the and the reason I cannot be is that we are a country that is being beaten on every front economically , militarily . there is nothing that we do now to win . we do not win anymore . our taxes are too high . I have come up with a tax plan that many , many people like very much . it is going to be a tremendous plan . I think it will make our country and our economy very dynamic . but , taxes too high , wages too high , we are not going to be able to compete against the world . I hate to say it , but we have to leave it the way it is . people have to go out , they have to work really hard and have to get into that upper stratum . but we can not do this if we are going to compete with the rest of the world . we just cannot do it . I would not do it . I was so happy yesterday when I saw that decision come down . that was an unbelievable decision . and we do not have enough of those decisions coming down . he of the executive order , because nobody wants to listen to him , including the Democrats , so he just goes around signing executive orders . that was a great day . and , frankly , we have to stop illegal immigration . it is hurting us economically . it is hurting us from every standpoint . it is causing tremendous difficulty with respect to drugs and what that does to many of our inner cities in particular . and it really is -- was such an unbelievable moment because the courts have not been ruling in our favor . and it was a decision . and it was a terrific thing that happened . and I will tell you , we are a country of laws . we need borders . we will have a wall . the wall will be built . the wall will be successful . and if you think walls do not work , all you have to do is ask Israel . the wall works , believe me . properly done . believe me . you are going to have to bring people -- you are going to have to send people out . look , we are a country Maria , we are a country of laws . we either have a country or we do not have a country . we are a country of laws . going to have to go out and they will come back but they are going to have to go out and hopefully they get back . but we have no choice if we are going to run our country properly and if we are going to be a country . all I can say is , you are lucky in Ohio that you struck oil . that is for one thing . let me just tell you that Dwight Eisenhower , good president , great president , people liked him . I like ike , right ? the expression . I like moved a million illegal immigrants out of this country , moved them just beyond the border . they came back . moved them again beyond the border , they came back . did not like it . moved them way south . they never came back . Dwight Eisenhower . you do not get a nicer . you do not get friendlier . they moved a million out . we have no choice . we have no choice . no , it is unfair . built an unbelievable company worth billions and billions of dollars . I do not have to hear from this man , believe me . I do not have to hear from him . we have millions of people right now on line trying to come into this country . very , very unfair to the people that want to come into our country legally . they have gone through the process . they are on line . they are waiting . very , very unfair to them . that I can tell you . yes . no , I am sorry . no , excuse me . I was there . please , if I could just we have to make our military bigger , better , stronger than ever before so that nobody messes with us , and a long run , it is going to save us . I agree with Marco , I agree with Ted , we have no choice . and , I can tell you this with certainty . we all have a different tax plan . some I do not totally agree with . one thing we understand , each one of those tax plans is better than the mess that we have right now . yes yeah it is a horrible deal the tpp is horrible deal . it is a deal that is going to lead to nothing but trouble . it is a deal that was designed for China to come in , as they always do , through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone . it is , pages long . so complex that nobodies read it . it is like Obamacare ; nobody ever read it . they passed it ; nobody read it . and look at mess we have right now . and it will be repealed . but this is one of the worst trade deals . and I would , yes , rather not have it . with all of these countries , and all of the bad ones getting advantage and taking advantage of what the good ones would normally get , I would rather make individual deals with individual countries . we will do much better . we lose a fortune on trade . the United States loses with everybody . we are losing now over billion in terms of imbalance with China , billion a year imbalance with Japan . by the way , Mexico , billion a year imbalance . so I must say , gerard , I just think it is a terrible deal . I love trade . I am a free trader , percent . but we need smart people making the deals , and we do not have smart people making the deals . yes . well , the currency manipulation they do not discuss in the agreement , which is a disaster . if you look at the way China and India and almost everybody takes advantage of the United States -- China in particular , because they are so good . it is the numberone abuser of this country . and if you look at the way they take advantage , it is through currency manipulation . it is not even discussed in the almost , page agreement . it is not even discussed . and as you understand , I mean , you understand very well from the wall street journal , currency manipulation is the single great weapon people have . they do not even discuss it in this agreement . so I say , it is a very bad deal , should not be approved . if it is approved , it will just be more bad trade deals , more loss of jobs for our country . we are losing jobs like nobodys ever lost jobs before . I want to bring jobs back into this country . well , first of all , it is not only Russia . we have problems with North Korea where they actually have nuclear weapons . you know , nobody talks about it , we talk about Iran , and that is one of the worst deals ever made . one of the worst contracts ever signed , ever , in anything , and it is a disgrace . but , we have somebody over there , a madman , who already has nuclear weapons we do not talk about that . that is a problem . China is a problem , both economically in what they are doing in the south China sea , I mean , they are becoming a very , very major force . so , we have more than just Russia . but , as far as the Ukraine is concerned , and you could Syria -- as far as Syria , I like -- if Putin wants to go in , and I got to know him very well because we were both on minutes , we were stablemates , and we did very well that night . but , you know that . but , if Putin wants to go and knocked the hell out of ISIS , I am all for it , and I cannot understand how anybody would be against it they blew up -- hold it they blew up , wait a minute they blew up a Russian airplane . he cannot be in love with these people . he is going in , and we can go in , and everybody should go in . as far as the Ukraine is concerned , we have a group of people , and a group of countries , including Germany -- tremendous economic behemoth -- why are we always doing the work ? we are -- I am all for protecting Ukraine and working -- but , we have countries that are surrounding the Ukraine that are not doing anything . they say , keep going , keep going , you dummies , keep going . protect us and we have to get smart . we cannot continue to be the policeman of the world . we are trillion dollars , we have a country that is going to hell , we have an infrastructure that is falling apart . our roads , our bridges , our schools , our airports , and we have to start investing money in our country . Assad is a bad guy , but we have no idea who the so-called rebels -- I read about the rebels , nobody even knows who they are . I spoke to a general two weeks ago , he said -- he was very up on exactly what we are talking about . he said , you know , Trump ? we are giving hundreds of millions of dollars of equipment to these people , we have no idea who they are . so , I do not like Assad . who is going to like Assad ? but , we have no idea who these people , and what they are going to be , and what they are going to represent . they may be far worse than Assad . look at Libya . look at Iraq . look at the mess we have after spending trillion dollars , thousands of lives , wounded warriors all over the place -- who I love , ok ? all over . we have nothing . and , I said , keep the oil . and we should have kept the oil , believe me . we should have kept the oil . and , you know what ? we should have given the oil we should have given big chunks to the people that lost their arms , their legs , and their families , and their sons , and daughters , because right now , you know who has a lot of that oil ? Iran , and ISIS . why does she keep interrupting everybody ? terrible . we are not . no , no , no well , what is happening right now , neil , is something that not been a subject of conversation by politicians . as primarily the only politician , I guess other than Carly on the stage , they have not talked about a corporate inversion . a corporate inversion -- companies are leaving . you know , we used to leave New York to go to Florida . we got better taxes , we got , maybe , something else . now , they are the United States to go to other countries . they have trillions of dollars in those other countries . they are going for two reasons , they cannot get their money back in . it is something where the Democrats and the Republicans both agree , it is the only thing I can think of . they both agree , let the money come back in . three and a half years , they still cannot make a deal . they cannot get the money in . it is probably two and a half trillion , but , I think it is much more than that . all of that money could become -- could come right in and be used to rebuild our country , and investments in our country . they cannot do it . what we have to do , and what I have done , is made the tax rate -- and one of the reasons they do not the taxes so obnoxious , they cannot do it . where , I made it a number , as you know . I have been very highly praised for it . a lot of moneys going to come back in , we are going to get rid of the bureaucratic problems , and roadblocks , because that is also a problem . and , we are going to have all of this money pour back into the United States . it is going to be used to build businesses , for jobs , and everything else . and , as I say , my expression is , let us make America great again . thank you . over the years , I have created tens of thousands of jobs and a great company . it is a company I am very proud of . some of the most iconic assets anywhere in the world . and I will tell you , I do not have to give you a website because I am self-funding my campaign . I am putting up my own money . I want to do something really special . I want to make our country greater than it is ever been . I think we have that potential . we cannot lose this election . we cannot let Hillary Clinton , who is the worst secretary of state in the history of our country , win this election . we will fight . we will win . and we truly will make this even more special . we have to make it better than ever before . and I will tell you , the United States can actually be better than ever before . thank you . thank you . I began this journey six months ago . my total focus was on building up our military , building up our strength , building up our borders , making sure that China , Japan , Mexico , both at the border and in trade , no longer takes advantage of our country . certainly would never have made that horrible , disgusting , absolutely incompetent deal with Iran where they get billion . they are a terrorist nation . but I began it talking about other things . and those things are things that I am very good at and maybe that is why I am center stage . people saw it . people liked it . people respected it . a month ago things changed . radical Islamic terrorism came into effect even more so than it has been in the past . people like what I say . people respect what I say . and we have opened up a very big discussion that needed to be opened up . thank you very much . we are not talking about isolation . we are talking about security . we are not talking about religion . we are talking about security . our country is out of control . people are pouring across the southern border . I will build a wall . it will be a great wall . people will not come in unless they come in legally . drugs will not pour through that wall . as far as other people like in the migration , where they are going , tens of thousands of people having cell phones with ISIS flags on them ? I do not think so , Wolf . they are not coming to this country . and if I am president and if Obama has brought some to this country , they are leaving . they are going . they are gone . Jeb does not really believe I am unhinged . he said that very simply because he has failed in this campaign . it is been a total disaster . nobody cares . and frankly , I am the most solid person up here . I built a tremendous company and all I want to do is make America great again . I do not want our country to be taken away from us , and that is what is happening . the policies that we have suffered under other presidents have been a disaster for our country . we want to make America great again . and Jeb , in all fairness , he does not believe that . well , look , this is so easy to answer . ISIS is recruiting through the internet . ISIS is using the internet better than we are using the internet , and it was our idea . what I wanted to do is I wanted to get our brilliant people from silicon valley and other places and figure out a way that ISIS cannot do what they are doing . you talk freedom of speech . you talk freedom of anything you want . I do not want them using our internet to take our young , impressionable youth and watching the media talking about how they are masterminds -- these are masterminds . they should not be using the word mastermind . these are thugs . these are terrible people in ISIS , not masterminds . and we have to change it from every standpoint . but we should be using our brilliant people , our most brilliant minds to figure a way that ISIS cannot use the internet . and then on second , we should be able to penetrate the internet and find out exactly where ISIS is and everything about ISIS . and we can do that if we use our good people . I would certainly be open to closing areas where we are at war with somebody . I sure as hell do not want to let people that want to kill us and kill our nation use our internet . yes , sir , I am . we have to be much tougher . we have to be much stronger than we have been . we have people that know what is going on . you take a look at just the attack in California the other day . there were numerous people , including the mother , that knew what was going on . they saw a pipe bomb sitting all over the floor . they saw ammunition all over the place . they knew exactly what was going on . when you had the world trade center go , people were put into planes that were friends , family , girlfriends , and they were put into planes and they were sent back , for the most part , to Saudi Arabia . they knew what was going on . they went home and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television . I would be very , very firm with families . frankly , that will make people think because they may not care much about their lives , but they do care , believe it or not , about their families lives . look , the problem is we need toughness . honestly , I think Jeb is a very nice person . he is a very nice person . but we need tough people . we need toughness . we need intelligence and we need tough . Jeb said when they come across the southern border they come as an act of love . am I talking or are you talking , Jeb ? you can go back . you are not talking . you interrupted me . are you going to apologize , Jeb ? no . am I allowed to finish ? excuse me , am I allowed to finish ? so again I know you are trying to build up your energy , Jeb , but it is not working very well . look , look , look . we need a toughness . we need strength . we are not respected , you know , as a nation anymore . we do not have that level of respect that we need . and if we do not get it back fast , we are just going to go weaker , weaker and just disintegrate . we cannot allow that to happen . we need strength . we do not have it . when Jeb comes out and he talks about the border , and I saw it and I was witness to it , and so was everyone else , and I was standing there , they come across as an act of love , he is saying the same thing right now with radical Islam . and we cannot have that in our country . it just will not work . we need strength . with Jeb's attitude , we will never be great again , that I can tell you . we will never be great again . so , they can kill us , but we cannot kill them ? that is what you are saying . and as far as the internet is concerned , we are not talking about closing the internet . I am talking about parts of Syria , parts of Iraq , where ISIS is , spotting it . now , you could close it . what I like even better than that is getting our smartest and getting our best to infiltrate their internet , so that we know exactly where they are going , exactly where they are going to be . I like that better . but we have to -- who would be -- I just cannot imagine somebody booing . these are people that want to kill us , folks , and you are -- you are objecting to us infiltrating their conversations ? I do not think so . I do not think so . in my opinion , we have spent trillion trying to topple various people that frankly , if they were there and if we could have spent that trillion in the United States to fix our roads , our bridges , and all of the other problems ; our airports and all of the other problems we have had , we would have been a lot better off . I can tell you that right now . we have done a tremendous disservice , not only to Middle East , we have done a tremendous disservice to humanity . the people that have been killed , the people that have wiped away , and for what ? it is not like we had victory . it is a mess . the Middle East is totally destabilized . a total and complete mess . I wish we had the trillion or trillion . I wish it were spent right here in the United States , on our schools , hospitals , roads , airports , and everything else that are all falling apart . well , there is nothing to respond to . well , people feel differently . I mean , the fact is Benghazi was a disaster because of Libya , everything just fell into place . it could not have been worse . what do we have now ? we have nothing . we have spent trillions and probably much more . I have no idea what we have spent . thousands and thousands of lives , we have nothing . wounded warriors all over the place who I love , we have nothing for it . and by the way Ben said incorrectly and I am not saying this as a knock . he is one of finest men . you are not going to find a finer men . but I have been talking about oil for three years . I have been saying take the oil , take the oil . I did not say , just bomb it , I said , take it and use it and distribute it so that the wounded warriors people , I have been saying this now for many years . now , all of a sudden everybody's saying , take the oil . it was not so fashionable to take the oil six months ago . I have been saying it for years . I think Assad is a bad guy , a very bad guy , all right ? lots of people killed . I think we are backing people we have no idea who they are . the rebels , we call them the rebels , the patriotic rebels . we have no idea . a lot of people think , hugh , that they are ISIS . we have to do one thing at a time . we cannot be fighting ISIS and fighting Assad . Assad is fighting ISIS . he is fighting ISIS . Russia is fighting now ISIS . and Iran is fighting ISIS . we have to do one thing at a time . we cannot go -- and I watched Lindsey Graham , he said , I have been here for years fighting . well , he will be there with that thinking for another years . he will not be able to solve the problem . we have to get rid of ISIS first . after we get rid of ISIS , we will start thinking about it . but we cannot be fighting Assad . and when you are fighting Assad , you are fighting Russia , you are fighting -- you are fighting a lot of different groups . but we cannot be fighting everybody at one time . I think it is very sad that CNN leads Jeb Bush , Governor Bush , down a road by starting off virtually all the questions , Trump this , mister -- I think it is very sad . and , frankly , I watched -- I think it is very sad . and , frankly , I watched the first debate , and the first long number of questions were , Trump said this , Trump said that . Trump -- these poor guys -- although , I must tell you , santorum , good guy . Governor huckabee , good guy . they were very nice , and I respect them greatly . but I thought it was very unfair that virtually the entire early portion of the debate was Trump this , Trump that , in order to get ratings , I guess . in order to get ratings , I guess . I just think it is very -- excuse me . excuse me . I think it is very unprofessional . well , I think it is very unprofessional . ok , fine . this is not tough and easy . I wish it I wish it was always this easy as you , Jeb . oh , yeah . oh , I know . you are a tough guy , Jeb . I know . you are tough . well , let us see . I am at , and you are at . so , so far , I am doing better . so far , I am doing better . you know , you started off over here , Jeb . you are moving over further and further . pretty soon you are going to be off the end I believe I did . I have a very hardline position , we have a country or we do not have a country . people that have come into our country illegally , they have to go . they have to come back into through a legal process . I want a strong border . I do want a wall . walls do work , you just have to speak to the folks in Israel . walls work if they are properly constructed . I know how to build , believe me , I know how to build . I feel a very , very strong bind , and really I am bound to this country , we either have a border or we do not . people can come into the country , we welcome people to come but they have to come in legally . well , first of all , I think we need somebody absolutely that we can trust , who is totally responsible ; who really knows what he or she is doing . that is so powerful and so important . and one of the things that I am frankly most proud of is that in , I was totally against going into Iraq because you are going to destabilize the Middle East . I called it . I called it very strongly . and it was very important . but we have to be extremely vigilant and extremely careful when it comes to nuclear . nuclear changes the whole ball game . frankly , I would have said get out of Syria ; get out -- if we did not have the power of weaponry today . the power is so massive that we cannot just leave areas that years ago or years ago we would not care . it was hand-to-hand combat . the biggest problem this world has today is not President Obama with global warming , which is inconceivable , this is what he is saying . the biggest problem we have is nuclear -- nuclear pro-liferation and having some maniac , having some madman go out and get a nuclear weapon . that is in my opinion , that is the single biggest problem that our country faces right now . I think -- I think , for me , nuclear is just the power , the devastation is very important to me . I did . let me just say that I have gotten to know him over the last three or four days . he has a wonderful temperament . he is just fine . do not worry about it . you better not attack I really am . I will be honest , I really am . I mean , the people have been putting me . I really am . let me just . can I just finish my I have gained great respect for the Republican leadership . I have gained great respect for many -- and I am going to even say -- I mean , in different forms for the people on the dais , in different forms . in different forms . but I have great respect for the people I have met through this process . I have never done this process before . I have never been a politician . I mean , for the last six months I have been a politician . but I will tell you , I am totally comMitted to the Republican party . I feel very honored to be the front runner . and I think I will do very well if I am chosen . if I am so fortunate to be chosen , I think I will do very well . polls have come out recently saying I would beat Hillary . I will do everything in my power to beat Hillary Clinton , I promise you . our country does not win anymore . we do not win on trade . we do not win on the military . we cannot defeat ISIS . we are not taking care of our great people , the veterans . we are not taking care of them . we have to change our whole way , our health care system is a disaster . it is going to implode in , just like you are sitting there . it does not work . nothing works in our country . if I am elected president , we will win again . we will win a lot . and we are going to have a great , great country , greater than ever before . thank you . it is not fear and terror , it is reality . you just have to look today at Indonesia , bombings all over . you look at California , you look , frankly , at Paris where there is a -- the strictest no gun policy of any city anywhere in the world , and you see what happens people dead with many to follow . they are very , very badly wounded . they will -- some will follow . and you look around , and you see what is happening , and this is not the case when he introduced the doctor -- very nice , everything perfect but that is not representative of what you have in that line of migration . that could be the great trojan horse . it could be people that are going to do great , great destruction . when I look at the migration , I looked at the line , I said it actually on your show recently , where are the women ? it looked like very few women . very few children . strong , powerful men , young and people are looking at that and they are saying what is going on ? you look at the kind of damage that two people that two people that got married , they were radicalized -- they got married , they killed people in actually -- going to be probably but you look at that and you take a look -- a good strong look and that is what we have . we are nineteen trillion dollars -- our countrys a mess and we cannot let all these people come into our country and break our borders . we cannot do it . but I was born here . big difference . ok , good . because it would not work . first of all , let me just tell you something -- and you know , because you just saw the numbers yourself -- NBC wall street journal just came out with a poll -- headline Trump way up , Cruz going down . I mean , so do not -- so you cannot -- you cannot they do not like the wall street journal . they do not like NBC , but I like the poll . and frankly , it just came out , and in Iowa now , as you know , Ted , in the last three polls , I am beating you . so -- you know , you should not misrepresent how well you are doing with the polls . you do not have to say that . in fact , I was all for you until you started doing that , because that is a misrepresentation , number one . number two , this is not me saying it . I do not care . I think I am going to win fair and square to win this way . thank you . Lawrence tribe and from Harvard -- of Harvard , said that there is a serious question as to whether or not Ted can do this . ok ? there are other attorneys that feel , and very , very fine constitutional attorneys , that feel that because he was not born on the land , he cannot run for office . here is the problem . we are running . we are running . he does great . I win . I choose him as my vice presidential candidate , and the Democrats sue because we cannot take him along for the ride . I do not like that . ok ? the fact is -- and if for some reason he beats the rest of the field , he beats the rest of the field . see , they do not like that . they do not like that . no , they do not like he beats the rest of the field , because they want me . but -- if for some reason , neil , he beats the rest of the field , I already know the Democrats are going to be bringing a suit . you have a big lawsuit over your head while you are running . and if you become the nominee , who the hell knows if you can even serve in office ? so you should go out , get a declaratory judgment , let the courts decide . and you should not have mentioned the polls because I would have been much because now he is going a little bit better . no , I did not care . it is true . no , it is true . hey look , he never had a chance . now , he is doing better . he is got probably a four or five percent chance . the fact is , there is a big overhang . there is a big question mark on your head . and you cannot do that to the party . you really cannot . you cannot do that to the party . you have to have certainty . even if it was a one percent chance , and it is far greater than one percent because . I mean , you have great constitutional lawyers that say you cannot run . if there was a -- and you know I am not bringing a suit . I promise . but the Democrats are going to bring a lawsuit , and you have to have certainty . you cannot have a question . I can agree with you or not , but you cannot have a question over your head . you do not have to . take it from lawrence tribe . take it from your professors he is wrong . he is wrong . he is not the only one . there are many lawyers . no -- no I think if it does not I like that . I like it . I would consider it . but I think I will go back to building buildings if it does not work out . I have a feeling it is going to work out , actually . okay . first of all , Nikki this afternoon said I am a friend of hers . actually a close friend . and wherever you are sitting Nikki , I am a friend . we are friends . that is good . but she did say there was anger . and I could say , oh , I am not angry . I am very angry because our country is being run horribly and I will gladly accept the mantle of anger . our military is a disaster . our healthcare is a horror show . Obamacare , we are going to repeal it and replace it . we have no borders . our vets are being treated horribly . illegal immigration is beyond belief . our country is being run by incompetent people . and yes , I am angry . and I will not be angry when we fix it , but until we fix it , I am very , very angry . and I say that to Nikki . so when Nikki said that , I was not offended . she said the truth . one of your colleagues interviewed me , and said , well , she said you were angry and I said to myself , huh , she is right . I am not fighting that . I did not find it offensive at all . I am angry because our country is a mess . no . I am a nd amendment person . if we had guns in California on the other side where the bullets went in the different direction , you would not have or people dead right now . if even in Paris , if they had guns on the other side , going in the opposite direction , you would not have people plus dead . so the answer is no and what Jeb said is absolutely correct . we have a huge mental health problem in this country . we are closing hospitals , we are closing wards , we are closing so many because the states want to save money . we have to get back into looking at what is causing it . the guns do not pull the trigger . it is the people that pull the trigger and we have to find out what is going on . we have to protect our nd amendment and you cannot do this and certainly what Barack Obama was doing with the executive order . he does not want to get people together , the oldfashioned way , where you get congress . you get the congress , you get the senate , you get together , you do legislation . he just writes out an executive order . not supposed to happen that way . you get the congress . you get the senate . you get together . you do legislation . he just writes out an order , executive order . it is not supposed to happen that way . so conservatives actually do come out of Manhattan , including William Buckley and others , just so you understand . and just so -- if I could , because he insulted a lot of people . I have had more calls on that statement that Ted made -- New York is a great place . it is got great people , it is got loving people , wonderful people . when the world trade center came down , I saw something that no place on earth could have handled more beautifully , more humanely than New York . you had two one hundred you had two story buildings come crashing down . I saw them come down . thousands of people killed , and the cleanup started the next day , and it was the most horrific cleanup , probably in the history of doing this , and in construction . I was down there , and I have never seen anything like it . and the people in New York fought and fought and fought , and we saw more death , and even the smell of death -- nobody understood it . and it was with us for months , the smell , the air . and we rebuilt downtown Manhattan , and everybody in the world watched and everybody in the world loved New York and loved New Yorkers . and I have to tell you , that was a very insulting statement that Ted made . no . no . look , we have to stop with political correctness . we have to get down to creating a country that is not going to have the kind of problems that we have had with people flying planes into the world trade centers , with the -- with the shootings in California , with all the problems all over the world . I just left Indonesia -- bomb , bomb , bomb , bomb . we have to find out what is going on . I said temporarily . I did not say permanently . I said temporarily . and I have many great Muslim friends . and some of them , I will say , not all , have called me and said , Donald , thank you very much ; you are exposing an unbelievable problem and we have to get to the bottom of it . and unlike President Obama , where he refuses even to use the term of what is going on , he cannot use the term for whatever reason . and if you cannot use the term , you are never going to solve the problem . my Muslim friends , some , said , thank you very much ; we will get to the bottom of it . but we have a serious problem . and we cannot be the stupid country any more . we are laughed at all over the world . eleven points , to be exact . I want security for this country . ok ? I want security . I am tired of seeing what is going on , between the border where the people flow over ; people come in ; they live ; they shoot . I want security for this country . we have a serious problem with , as you know , with radical Islam . we have a tremendous problem . it is not only a problem here . it is a problem all over the world . I want to find out why those two young people -- those two horrible young people in California when they shot the people , killed them -- people they knew , people that held the wedding reception for them . I want to find out -- many people saw pipe bombs and all sorts of things all over their apartment . why were not they vigilant ? why did not they call ? why did not they call the police ? and by the way , the police are the most mistreated people in this country . I will tell you that . the most mistreated people . in fact , we need to -- wait a minute -- we need vigilance . we have to find out -- many people knew about what was going on . why did not they turn those two people in so that you would not have had all the death ? there is something going on and it is bad . and I am saying we have to get to the bottom of it . that is all I am saying . we need security . that is wrong . they were wrong . it is the New York Times , they are always wrong . they were wrong . no , I said , I would use -- they were asking me what to do about North Korea . China , they do not like to tell us but they have total control -- just about , of North Korea . they can solve the problem of North Korea if they wanted to but they taunt us . they say , well , we do not really have control . without China , North Korea does not even eat . China is ripping us on trade . they are devaluing their currency and they are killing our companies . thousands of thousands -- you look at the number of companies and the number in terms of manufacturing of plans that we have lost -- because of China . we have lost anywhere between four and seven million jobs because of China . what I said then was , we have very unfair trade with China . we are going to have a trade deficit of billion dollars this year with China . a lot of that is because they devalue their currency . what I said to the New York Times , is that , we have great power , economic power over China and if we wanted to use that and the amount -- where the percent comes in , that would be the amount they saw their devaluations that we should get . that we should get . what I am saying is this , I am saying that we do it but if they do not start treating us fairly and stop devaluing and let their currency rise so that our companies can compete and we do not lose all of these millions of jobs that we are losing , I would certainly start taxing goods that come in from China . who the hell has to lose billion dollars a year ? it is not that complicated actually . ok , just so you understand -- I know so much about trading about with China . Carl Icahn today as you know endorsed . many businessmen want to endorse me . Carl said , no , no -- but he is somebody -- these are the kind of people that we should use to negotiate and not the China people that we have who are political hacks who do not know what they are doing and we have problems like this . if these are the kinds of people -- we should use our best and our finest . now , on that tariff -- here's what I am saying , China -- they send their goods and we do not tax it -- they do whatever they want to do . they do whatever what they do , ok . when we do business with China , they tax us . you do not know it , they tax us . I have many friends that deal with China . they cannot -- when they order the product and when they finally get the product it is taxed . if you looking at what happened with boeing and if you look at what happened with so many companies that deal -- so we do not have an equal playing field . I am saying , absolutely , we do not have to continue to lose billion dollars as a trade deficit for the privilege of dealing with China . I am a free trader . I believe in it but we have to be smart and we have to use smart people to negotiate . I have the largest bank in the world as a tenant of mine . I sell tens of millions of . I love China . I love the Chinese people but they laugh themselves , they cannot believe how stupid the American leadership is . I am totally open to a tariff . if they do not treat us fairly , hey , their whole trade is tariffed . you cannot deal in China without tariffs . they do it to us , we do not it . it is not fair trade . I am happy to have him tonight neil , the problem with what Marco is saying is that it takes too long , they are sucking us dry and it takes too long . it would just -- you absolutely have to get involved with China , they are taking so much of what we have in terms of jobs in terms of money . we just cannot do it any longer . you looking at me ? can I tell you what ? it will never happen because they will let their currency go up . they are never going to let it happen . Japan , the same thing . they are devaluing -- it is so impossible for -- you look at Caterpillar tractor and what is happening with Caterpillar and Kamatsu . Kamatsu is a tractor company in Japan . friends of mine are ordering Kamatsu tractors now because they have devalued the yen to such an extent that you cannot buy a Caterpillar tractor . and we are letting them get away with it and we cannot let them get away with it . and that is why we have to use Carl and we have to use our great businesspeople and not political hacks to negotiate with these guys . and we do not need a weak person being president of the united state , ok ? because that is what we would get if it were Jeb -- I tell you what , we do not need that . we do not need that . that is essentially what we have now , and we do not need that . and that is why we are in the trouble that we are in now . and by the way , Jeb you mentioned boeing , take a look . they order planes , they make boeing build their plant in China . they do not want them made here . they want those planes made in China . that is not the way the game is supposed to be played . no , the new planes . I am not talking about now , I am talking about in the future they are building massive plants in China because China does not want boeing building their planes here , they want them built in China , because China happens to be smart the way they do it , not the way we do it . I will check for you . Maria -- Maria , what you were talking about just now is called corporate inversion . it is one of the biggest problems our country has . right now , corporations , by the thousands , are thinking of leaving our country with the jobs -- leave them behind . they are leaving because of taxes , but they are also leaving because they cannot get their money back and everybody agrees , Democrats and Republicans , that is should come back in . but they cannot get along . they cannot even make a deal . here is the case , they both agree , they cannot make a deal . we have to do something . corporate inversion is one of the biggest problems we have . so many companies are going to leave our country . thank you . well , it is an interesting question because I am very proud of my company . as you too know , I know I built a very great company . but if I become president , I could not care less about my company . it is peanuts . I want to use that same up here , whatever it may be to make America rich again and to make America great again . I have Ivanka , and Eric and don sitting there . run the company kids , have a good time . I am going to do it for America . so I would -- I would be willing to do that . I would put it in a blind trust . well , I do not know if it is a blind trust if Ivanka , Don , and Eric run it . if that is a blind trust , I do not know . but I would probably have my children run it with my executives and I would not ever be involved because I would not care about anything but our country , anything . thank you . I stood yesterday with construction workers . they are tough , they are strong , they are great people . half of them had tears pouring down their face . they were watching the humiliation of our young ten sailors , sitting on the floor with their knees in a begging position , their hands up . and Iranian wise guys having guns to their heads . it was a terrible sight . a terrible sight . and the only reason we got them back is because we owed them with a stupid deal , billion . if I am president , there will not be stupid deals anymore . we will make America great again . we will win on everything we do . thank you . I actually think I have the best temperament . I built a massive corporation . I employ thousands and thousands of people . I have gotten along with people for years and years , have tremendous relationships with many people , including politicians on both sides . and no matter how you cut it , when I -- when I came out , I hit immigration , I hit it very hard . everybody said , oh , the temperament , because I talked about illegal immigration . now , everybodys coming to me , they are all trying to say , well , he is right , we have to come to him . I hit other things . I talked about Muslims . we have a problem . nobody else wanted to mention the problem , I brought it up . I took a lot of heat . we have to have a temporary something , because there is something going on that is not good . and remember this , I am the only one up here , when the war of Iraq -- in Iraq , I was the one that said , do not go , do not do it , you are going to destabilize the Middle East . so , I am not one with a trigger . I am not one with a trigger . other people up here , believe me , would be a lot faster . but I will build the mill arbitrary stronger , bigger , better than anybody up here , and nobody is going to mess with us . that , I can tell you . am I allowed to respond ? I have to respond . first of all , I respect what Ted just said , but if you noticed , he did not answer your question . and that is what is going to happen -- ok . that is what is going to happen with our enemies and the people we compete against . we are going to win with Trump . we are going to win . we do not win anymore . our country does not win anymore . we are going to win with Trump . and people back down with Trump . and that is what I like and that is what the country is going to like . well , let me say a couple of things . first of all , Marco said earlier on that President Obama knows exactly what he is doing , like we have this president that really knows . I disagree , respectfully , with Marco . I think we have a president who , as a president , is totally incompetent , and he does not know what he is doing . I think he has no idea what he is doing . and our country is going to hell . so , I just want to say , we disagree on that . is that okay ? good . as to North Korea ? we have -- tremendous -- has been just sucked out of our country by China . China says they do not have that good of control over North Korea . they have tremendous control . I deal with the Chinese all of the time . I do tremendous -- the largest bank in the world is in one of my buildings in Manhattan . I deal with them . they tell me . they have total , absolute control , practically , of North Korea . they are sucking trillions of dollars out of our country -- they are rebuilding China with the money they take out of our country . I would get on with China , let China solve that problem . they can do it quickly and surgically . that is what we should do with North Korea . good evening . yes . I do not think I am . I think I am closer to common sense . we are going to repeal Obamacare . we are going to repeal Obamacare . we are going to replace Obamacare with something so much better . and there are so many examples of it . and I will tell you , part of the reason we have some people laughing , because you have insurance people that take care of everybody up here . I am self-funded . the only one they are not taking care of is me . we have our lines around each state . the insurance companies are getting rich on Obamacare . the insurance companies are getting rich on health care and health services and everything having to do with health . we are going to end that . we are going to take out the artificial boundaries , the artificial lines . we are going to get a plan where people compete , free enterprise . they compete . so much better . in addition to that , you have the health care savings plans , which are excellent . what I do say is , there will be a certain number of people that will be on the street dying and as a Republican , I do not want that to happen . we are going to take care of people that are dying on the street because there will be a group of people that are not going to be able to even think in terms of private or anything else and we are going to take care of those people . and I think everybody on this stage would have to agree you are not going to let people die , sitting in the middle of a street in any city in this country . well , let me just tell you about eminent domain because almost all of these people actually criticize it , but so many people have hit me with commercials and other things about eminent domain . eminent domain is an absolute necessity for a country , for our country . without it , you would not have roads , you would not have hospitals , you would not have anything . you would not have schools , you would not have bridges . you need eminent domain . and a lot of the big conservatives that tell me how conservative they are -- I think I am more than they are -- they tell me , oh -- well , they all want the keystone pipeline . the keystone pipeline , without eminent domain , it would not go feet , ok ? you need eminent domain . and eminent domain is a good thing , not a bad thing . and what a lot of people do not know because they were all saying , oh , you are going to take their property . when somebody -- when eminent domain is used on somebody's property , that person gets a fortune . they get at least fair market value , and if they are smart , they will get two or three times the value of their property . but without eminent domain , you do not have roads , highways , schools , bridges or anything . so eminent domain -- it is not that I love it , but eminent domain is absolutely -- it is a necessity for a country . and certainly it is a necessity for our country . yes . Jeb wants to be -- he wants to be a tough guy tonight . I did not take the property . I did not take the property . the woman ultimately did not want to do that . I walked away . well , let me just -- you know , he wants to be a tough guy . a lot of times , you will have -- you will have -- and it did not work very well . a lot of time -- let me talk . quiet . a lot of times -- a lot of times you -- let me talk . let me talk . quiet . a lot of times that is all of his donors and special interests out there . so -- it is what it is . that is what -- and by the way , let me just tell you , we needed tickets . you cannot get them . you know who has the tickets for the -- I am talking about , to the television audience ? donors , special interests , the people that are putting up the money . that is who it is . the RNC told us . we have all donors in the audience . and the reason they are not loving me the reason they are not -- excuse me . the reason they are not loving me is , I do not want their money . I am going to do the right thing for the American public . I do not want their money . I do not need their money . and I am the only one up here that can say that . eminent domain , the keystone pipeline -- do you consider that a private job ? do you -- do you consider that no -- no , let me ask you , Jeb . do you consider the keystone pipeline private ? is it public or private ? real -- a public use ? no , it is a private job . it is a private job . you would not have the keystone pipeline that you want so badly without eminent domain . you would not have massive -- excuse me , josh -- you would not have massive factories without eminent domain . well , I think I am , and to me , I view the word conservative as a derivative I -- of -- of the word conserve . we want to converse our money . we want to conserve our wealth . we want to conserve . we want to be smart . we want to be smart where we go , where we spend , how we spend . we want to conserve our country . we want to save our country . and we have people that have no idea how to do that and they are not doing it , and it is a very important word and it is something I believe in very , very strongly . well , before I go there , I will tell you , I will bring jobs back from China . I will bring jobs back from Japan . I will bring jobs back from Mexico , where New Hampshire , by the way , has been virtually wiped out . they have lost so many businesses going to Mexico because of horrible trade deals . and now we are about to sign another trade deal , tpp , which is going to be a disaster for this country because they do not talk about monetary manipulation . it is going to be a disaster . I am going to bring jobs back and I will start bringing them back very fast . under my tax plan -- right now , we are the highest taxed country in the world . under my plan , we cut not only taxes for the middle class , but we cut taxes for corporations . we will bring back trillions of dollars that is offshore . right now , they have . trillion , and in my opinion , it is much more than that . that is what the government says . all of that money is going to come back . and we are not going to lose pfizer , which is now leaving , and other great companies , which is now leaving . and they are all leaving . we have many , many companies that are leaving this country . we are not going to lose them anymore because we are going to have a tax structure that is going to keep them in our country . well , four years ago , I said , bomb the oil and take the oil . and if we did that , they would not have the wealth they have right now . now , I still say the same thing , because we are doing little pinpricks . we are not even bombing -- if somebody's driving a truck , they give notice to the person driving the truck , we are going to bomb . if they do not get out of the truck , the truck sails away with the oil . we actually have a case where we do not want to bomb the oil , because we do not want to hurt -- pollute the atmosphere . can you imagine general douglas macarthur or general patton saying we cannot bomb because we are gonna hurt the atmosphere ? you have to knock the hell out of the oil . you have to take the oil . and you have also back channels of banking . you have people that you think are our great allies , our friends , in the Middle East , that are paying tremendous numbers of -- tremendous amounts of money to ISIS . so we have to stop those circuits . nobody knows banking better than I do . they have back circuits , back channels . tremendous amounts of money is coming in through the banking system . so between the oil and the banking , you will dry them up . but it should have been done four years ago , not now . you have to go in -- first of all , when you take away their money , when you take away their wealth , thatll very much weaken -- and it will happen fairly fast . they will last for about a year , based on all of the wealth they have accumulated . but when you stop the banking channels and when you stop the oil and take the oil -- not just bomb it , take it -- when you do that , it is going to dry up very quickly . they are going to become a very weakened power , quickly . thank you . well , I will tell you what . in the Middle East , we have people chopping the heads off Christians , we have people chopping the heads off many other people . we have things that we have never seen before -- as a group , we have never seen before , what is happening right now . the medieval times -- I mean , we studied medieval times -- not since medieval times have people seen what is going on . I would bring back waterboarding and I would bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding . no , a good deal maker will make great deals , but we will do it the way our founders thought it should be done . people get together , they make deals . Ronald Reagan did it with tip oneil very successfully , you did not hear so much about executive orders , if you heard about it at all . you have to be able to get a consensus . now , the real person like it was mentioned about the deal with Iran , how bad a deal is that ? it does not get any more amateurish than that . a good deal maker would never make a deal like that . with congress , you have to get everybody in a room , and you have to get them to agree . but , you have to get them to agree what you want , and that is part of being a deal maker . you cannot leave the white house , go to hawaii and play golf for three weeks and be a real deal maker . it does not work that way . you have to get people in , grab them , hug them , kiss them , and get the deal done . but , it is got to be the deal that you want . some ? well yes . ok , good . it looked like he was looking right at me , right there . I think that -- I look at what is going on , I look at all of the polls , I do very , very well against Hillary Clinton . I can tell you , I am the last person that she wants to run against . and I think you can see what we have done in terms of galvanizing . I have been all over the country . we are -- last night , I was in South Carolina , we had , people . it set up in about four days . we have galvanized and we have created a movement . a lot of it has to do with -- as an example , joshs question on drugs . I am the first person that said , build a wall . but I mean , a real wall , not a toy wall like they have right now . a real wall . and you will solve lots of problems . but we will galvanize the people of this country , and we will beat Hillary Clinton . because -- assuming that she runs , by the way , how she gets away with the email stuff is hard to believe . so , I do not know that she is going to be running . but on the assumption she runs I mean , look . and speaking of that , if she runs , she is running for one reason . she is going to be able to run for one reason , and that is because the Democrats are protecting her . because so many people have done so much less than her , and they were absolutely -- their lives have been destroyed . but on the assumption they do protect her , I will win the election and we will win it by a lot . we will win it handily . we cannot have another four years of essentially Barack Obama . well , there is a divide , but I have to say that the police are absolutely mistreated and misunderstood , and if there is an incident , whether it is an incident done purposely -- which is a horror , and you should really take very strong action -- or if it is a mistake , it is on your news casts all night , all week , all month , and it never ends . the police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order , and they are afraid for their jobs , they are afraid of the mistreatment they get , and I am telling you that not only , me speaking , minorities all over the country , they respect the police of this country and we have to give them more respect . they cannot act . they cannot act . they are afraid for losing their pension , their job . they do not know what to do . and I deal with them all the time . we have to give great respect , far greater than we are right now , to our really fantastic police . well , they do . and , you know , they sue . everybody sues , right ? they see excessive -- I mean , they go out , they sue . we have so much litigation -- I see the courts , I see what they are doing . they sue , and you know what ? we do not want excessive force . but at what point -- you know , either you are going to have a police force that can do its job I was just up in Manchester , I met with the police officers yesterday . tremendous people . they love the area , they love the people , they love all the people . they want to do their job . and you are going to have abuse and you are going to have problems , and you have got to solve the problems and you have to weed out the problems . but the police in this country are absolutely amazing people . well , I -- I know Diane Foley very well . her husband and -- these are tremendous people . I spoke for them , I raised a lot of money for the foundation . I fully understand , james , one of -- that was really the first that we saw , really visually saw -- it was so horrible . and I will tell you , though , with all of that being said , you can not negotiate this way with terrorists . if you do , you are going to have many , many more James Foleys . James Foley was a great young man . his parents are incredible people . they have done such a good job , since his -- since his death . but you just cannot negotiate that way with terrorists , or you are gonna have so many other James Foleys . and one thing on the vets -- during the last debate , I raised million for the vets , and I will tell you something I will tell you that I think nobody here , nobody on this stage , gets along with the veterans groups in New Hampshire better than I do without ball to Israel and all of the people that I deal with and these are great people . the one thing that we are not mentioning , there is tremendous fraud , waste and abuse in the veterans administration and if I am running things , that is going to disappear and it is going to disappear quickly . that is because he got Ben Carson votes , by the way , but we will not . our country that we love so much does not win anymore . we do not win with the military , we do not win on the border . you look at New Hampshire with the tremendous problem we have with heroin . number one thing I hear from the people of New Hampshire , who I love , and developed such relationships , we do not win with healthcare . we do not win with trade . you look at what other countries are doing to us . China . everyone , they are killing us on trade . if I am elected president , we will win , and we will win , and we will win . thank you , thank you very much . well , I can say this . if the president , and if I were president now , I would certainly want to try and nominate a justice . I am sure that , frankly , I am absolutely sure that President Obama will try and do it . I hope that our senate is going to be able -- Mitch , and the entire group , is going to be able to do something about it . in times of delay , we could have a Diane Sykes , or you could have a Bill Pryor -- we have some fantastic people . but this is a tremendous blow to conservatism . it is a tremendous blow , frankly , to our country . I think he is going to do it whether or I am ok with it or not . I think it is up to Mitch McConnell and everybody else to stop it . it is called delay , delay , delay . what we want to do , when we want to do it , and how hard do we want to hit ? because we are going to have to hit very , very hard to knock out ISIS . we are going to also have to learn who our allies are . we have allies , so-called allies , we are spending billions and billions of dollars supporting people -- we have no idea who they are in Syria . do we want to stay that route , or do we want to go and make something with Russia ? I hate to say Iran , but with Russia , because we -- and the Iran deal is one of the worst deals I have ever seen negotiated in my entire life . it is a disgrace that this country negotiated that deal . but very important not only a disgrace , it is a disgrace and an embarrassment . but very important , who are we fighting with ? who are we fighting for ? what are we doing ? we have to rebuild our country . but we have to -- I am the only one on this stage that said do not go into Iraq . do not attack Iraq . nobody else on this stage said that . and I said it loud and strong . and I was in the private sector . I was not a politician , fortunately . but I said it , and I said it loud and clear , you will destabilize the Middle East . that is exactly what happened . I also said , by the way , four years ago , three years ago , attack the oil , take the wealth away , attack the oil and keep the oil . they did not listen . they just started that a few months ago . called me a genius , I like him so far , I have to tell you . let me just tell you this . Jeb is so wrong . Jeb is absolutely self -- just so you understand , you know what that is ? that is Jeb's special interest and lobbyist talking . look , let me just tell you something , Jeb -- Jeb is so wrong . you got to fight ISIS first . you fight ISIS first . right now you have Russia , you have Iran , you have them with Assad , and you have them with Syria . you have to knock out ISIS . they are chopping off heads . these are animals . you have to knock em out . you have to knock them off strong . you decide what to do after , you cannot fight two wars at one time . if you listen to him , and you listen to some of the folks that I have been listening to , that is why we have been in the Middle East for years , and we have not won anything . we have spent trillion dollars in the Middle East with thinking like that . we have spent Lindsey Graham , who backs him , had zero on his polls . let me just say something -- we have spent -- we have spent . I only tell the truth , lobbyists . we have spent trillion dollars all over the -- we have to rebuild our country . we have to rebuild our infrastructure . you listen to that , you are going to be there for another you will end up with world war iii we are supporting troops that we do not even know who they are . we are supporting troops that we do not even know who they are we have no idea who they are . oh , yeah , yeah let million in New Hampshire , it was practically million -- give me a break . first of all , I have to say , as a businessman , I get along with everybody . I have business all over the world . I know so many of the people in the audience . and by the way , I am a selffunder . I do not have -- I have my wife and I have my son . that is all I have . I do not have this . so let me just tell you , I get along with everybody , which is my obligation to my company , to myself , et cetera . obviously , the war in Iraq was a big , fat mistake . all right ? now , you can take it any way you want , and it took -- it took Jeb Bush , if you remember at the beginning of his announcement , when he announced for president , it took him five days . he went back , it was a mistake , it was not a mistake . it took him five days before his people told him what to say , and he ultimately said , it was a mistake . the war in Iraq , we spent trillion , thousands of lives , we do not even have it . Iran has taken over Iraq , with the secondlargest oil reserves in the world . obviously , it was a mistake . George Bush made a mistake . we can make mistakes . but that one was a beauty . we should have never been in Iraq . we have destabilized the Middle East . you do whatever you want . you call it whatever you want . I want to tell you . they lied . they said there were weapons of mass destruction , there were none . and they knew there were none . there were no weapons of mass destruction . I am being nice . he spent million in the world trade center came down during your brothers reign , remember that . that is not keeping us safe . she should be running . how did he keep us safe when the world trade center -- the world -- excuse me . I lost hundreds of friends . the world trade center came down during the reign of George Bush . he kept us safe ? that is not safe . that is not safe , Marco . that is not safe . and George Bush -- by the way , George Bush had the chance , also , and he did not listen to the advice of his CIA . I do not want to go . yes . first of all , the -- when you say I am the only candidate , if you listen to the Democrats , they want to do many things to social security , and I want to do them on its own merit . you listen to them , what they want to do to social security , none of these folks are getting elected , ok , whether they can do it or not . I am going to save social security . I am going to bring jobs back from China . I am going to bring jobs back from Mexico and from Japan , where they are all -- every country throughout the world -- now Vietnam , that is the new one . they are taking our jobs . they are taking our wealth . they are taking our base . and you and I have had this discussion . we are going to make our economy strong again . I am lowering taxes . we have . trillion offshore . we have . trillion that I think is actually five trillion because the government has no idea when they say they have no idea what they are doing or saying , as they have proven very well . we are going to bring that money back . you take a look at what happened just this week . China bought the Chicago stock exchange , China , a Chinese company . carrier is moving to Mexico , air conditioning company . not only the ones I talk about all the time , Nabisco and Ford and -- they are all moving out . we have an economy that last quarter , g . p . did not grow . it was flat . we have to make our economy grow again . we are dying . this country is dying . and our workers are losing their jobs , and you are going I am the only one who is going to save social security , believe me . because you have tremendous waste . I will tell you you have tremendous waste , fraud and abuse . that we are taking care of . that we are taking care of . it is tremendous . we have in social security right now thousands and thousands of people that are over years old . now , you know they do not exist . they do not exist . there is tremendous waste , fraud and abuse , and we are going to get it . but we are not going to hurt the people who have been paying into social security their whole life and then all of a sudden they are supposed to get less . we are bringing our jobs back . we are going to make our economy great again . I want everybody taken care of , but we have to take care of our people in this country . we are not taking care of our people . we have no border . we have no control . people are flooding across . we cannot have it . we either have a border , and I am very strongly -- I am not proposing . I will build a wall . I will build a wall . remember this , the wall will be paid for by Mexico . we are not being treated right . we are not being treated properly . if we do not have borders , if we do not have strength , we do not have a country . people are flowing across . we have to take care of our people . believe me . look when I announced that I was running for president on june th , illegal immigration was not even a subject . if I did not bring it up , we would not even be talking . now , I do not often agree with Marco , and I do not often agree with Ted , but I can in this case . the weakest person on this stage by far on illegal immigration is Jeb Bush . they come out of an act of love , whether you like it or not . he is so weak on illegal immigration it is laughable , and everybody knows it . spend a little more money on the commercials . I do not know what you are talking about . I never called him -- I do not call him he also said about language language . two days ago he said he would take his pants off and moon everybody , and that is fine . nobody reports that . he gets up and says that , and then he tells me , oh , my language was a little bit rough my language . give me a break you did say it , you did say it . been reported in different news or a tax . I would build consensus with congress , and congress would agree with me . I will give you an example , because I do not like the idea of using executive orders like our president . it is a disaster what he is doing . I would build consensus , but consensus means you have to work hard . you have to cajole . you have to get them into the oval office and get them all together , and you have to make deals . let me just tell you , I mentioned before , China -- big Chinese company bought the Chicago exchange . Kerry is moving -- and if you saw the people , because they have a video of the announcement that carrier is moving to Mexico , ok ? well , I will tell you what . I would go right now to carrier and I would say I am going to work awfully hard . you are going to make air conditioners now in Mexico . you are going to get all of these , people that are being laid off -- they are laid off . they were crying . they were -- it was a very sad situation . you are going to go to Mexico . you are going to make air conditioners in Mexico , you are going to put them across our border with no tax . I am going to tell them right now , I am going to get consensus from congress and we are going to tax you when those air conditioners come . so stay where you are or build in the United States , because we are killing ourselves with trade pacts that are no good for us and no good for our workers . John , in life you have flexibility . you do have flexibility . when you are fighting wars , you are going one way , you have a plan . it is a beautiful plan . it cannot lose . the enemy makes a change , and all of a sudden you have to change . you have to have flexibility . in Ronald Reagan , though , in terms of what we are talking about , was the great example . he was a somewhat liberal Democrat who became a somewhat , pretty strong conservative . he became -- most importantly , he became a great president . he made many of the changes that I have made -- I mean , I have seen as I grew up , I have seen , and as I get older and wiser , and I feel that I am a conservative . now , I also feel I am a commonsense conservative , because some of the views I do not agree with . and I think a lot of people agree with me , obviously , based on what is happening . well , I think these people always hit me with eminent domain , and frankly , I am not in love with eminent domain . but eminent domain is something you need very strongly . when Jeb had said , you used eminent domain privately for a parking lot . it was not for a parking lot . the state of New Jersey -- too bad Chris Christie is not here , he could tell you -- the state of New Jersey went to build a very large tower that was going to employ thousands of people . I mean , it was going to really do a big job in terms of economic development . now , just so you understand , I got hit very hard . it is private , it is private eminent domain . you understand that they took over a stadium in Texas , and they used private eminent domain , but he just found that out after he made the charge . yeah . well , Jeb would not have known about it . you should not have used it then , Jeb . thank you very much , I appreciate it . you probably are worse than Jeb Bush . you are single biggest liar . this guys lied -- let me just tell you , this guy lied about Ben Carson when he took votes away from Ben Carson in Iowa , and he just continues . today , we had robocalls saying , Donald Trump is not going to run in South Carolina , where I am leading by a lot . I am not going to vote for Ted Cruz . this is the same thing he did to Ben Carson . this guy will say anything , nasty guy . now I know why he does not have one endorsement from any of his colleagues . he is a nasty guy . where did I support it ? where did I again , where did I support it ? hey Ted , where I support it ? where did I support ? that is a lot of lies . it does do wonderful things , but not as it relates to abortion . excuse me . excuse me , there are wonderful things having to do with womens health . but not when it comes to abortion . hold on Ted Cruz told your brother that he wanted John Roberts to be on the United States Supreme Court . they both pushed him , he twice approved Obamacare . ok , Governor . you pushed him . you pushed him . you worked with him and you pushed him . why do you lie ? why do you lie ? you pushed him . yeah , yeah , I know , you are an adult . well , I would say my wife tells me I am wrong all the time . and I listen . oh , let me just say -- look , I am very open -- I hired top people . I have had great success . I built a great , great company . I do not need to do this . I am self-funding . I am spending a lot of money . I have spent -- like in New Hampshire , I spent million . Jeb Bush spent million . he came in five , and I came in no . that is what the country needs , folks . I spent , he spends of their money , of special interest money . and it is just -- this is not going to make -- excuse me . this is not going to make our country great again . this is not what we need in our country . we need people that know what the hell they are doing . and politicians , they are all talk , they are no action . and that is why people are supporting me . I do listen to people . I hire experts . I hire top , top people . and I do listen . and you know what ? sometimes they are wrong . you have to know what to do , when to do it . but sometimes they are wrong . well , I will tell you -- over the years , I have made many speeches . people have asked me , big companies have asked me to make speeches , and friends of mine that run big companies on success . and occasion , in order to sort of really highlight something , I will use a profanity . one of the profanities that I got credited with using , that I did not use , was a very bad word , two weeks ago , that I never used . I said , you . and everybody said oh , he did not say anything wrong . but you bleeped it , so everyone thinks I said the -- I did not say anything . I never said the word . it is very unfair , that criticism . now , I will say this , with all of that being said , I have said I will not do it at all , because if I say a word that is a little bit off color , a little bit , it ends up being a headline . I will not do it again . I was a very good student at a great school not using -- by the way -- not using profanity is very easy . that is not -- let me respond . that is another lie . I never went bankrupt ! no , but it is another lie . no , but it is another lie . this guy does not know what he is talking about . just a lie . let me just tell you . Jeb goes around saying , just like the biggest business leaders in this country , I have used the laws of the land to chapter -- I bought a company , I threw it immediately into a chapter , I made a great deal . I uses the laws to my benefit , because I run a company . excuse me , Jeb ! I never went bankrupt , never . now -- but you do not want to say that . now , let me just say , I have used it , just like the biggest leaders in the country . let me tell you something -- Florida . Florida , he put so much debt on Florida . you know , we keep saying he is a wonderful Governor , wonderful Governor . he put so much debt on Florida , and he increased spending so much that as soon as he got out of office , Florida crashed . I happened to be there . it is my second home . Florida crashed . he did not do a good job as Governor . and you have not -- excuse me , you have not heard that . you listen to the good record in Florida . you take a look at what happened , as soon as that year ended he got out , Florida crashed . too much debt . he loaded it up with debt , and his spending went through the roof . by the way he was not a good Governor . take a look at your numbers . Florida went down the tubes right after he got out of office . went right down because of what he did to it . thank you . politicians are all talk , no action . you have seen where they have take you to . we are trillion dollars right now . it is going to be increased with that horrible budget from a month ago that was just approved by politicians . we need a change . we need a very big change . we are going to make our country great again . I say this every night , every day , every afternoon , and it is so true -- we do not win anymore . we do not win with health care , we do not win with ISIS and the military , we do not take care of our vets , we do not care of our borders , we do not win . we are going to start winning again . we are not going to be controlled by people that are special interests and lobbyists that everybody here has contributed to . and you know what , they do exactly what those folks want them to do . we are going to make our country great , and we are going to do the right thing . I am working for you . I am not working for anybody else . thank you very much . thank you . my whole theme is make America great again . we do not win anymore as a country . we do not win with trade , we do not win with the military . ISIS , we cannot even knock out ISIS , and we will , believe me . we will . we do not win in any capacity with healthcare . we have terrible health care , Obamacare is going to be repealed and replaced . we just do not win . you look at our borders , they are like swiss cheese , everybody pours in . we are going to make a great country again . we are going to start winning again . we are going to win a lot , it is going to be a big difference , believe me . it is going to be a big difference . first of all , he was in charge of amnesty , he was the leader , and you can ask Marco because they have been debating this every debate that we have had . as far as coming back in , number one , you would not even be talking , and you would not have asked that as the first question if it were not for me when my opening when I talked about illegals immigration . it would not even be a big subject . but , we either have a country , or we do not have a country . we have at least million people in this country that came in illegally . they will go out . they will come back -- some will come back , the best , through a process . they have to come back legally . they have to come back through a process , and it may not be a very quick process , but I think that is very fair , and very fine . they are going to get in line with other people . the best of them will come back , but they are going to come back through a process . well , I am very glad that Ted mentioned Arizona because probably the toughest man on borders is Sheriff Joe Arpaio , and two days ago he totally endorsed me , so , thank you . well , first of all , self-deportation is people are going to leave as soon as they see others going out . if you look at Dwight Eisenhower in the they started moving people out and the rest of them left . self-deportation , as I really define it , and that is the way I define it , is you are going to get some to go , and the rest are going to go out . as far as the people that I have hired in various parts of Florida during the absolute prime season , like palm beach and other locations , you could not get help . it is the up season . people did not want to have parttime jobs . there were parttime jobs , very seasonal , day jobs , day jobs , and you could not get . everybody agrees with me on that . they were parttime jobs . you needed them , or we just might as well close the doors , because you could not get help in those hot , hot sections of Florida . I criticized Mitt Romney for losing the election . he should have won that election . he had a failed president . he ran a terrible campaign . he was a terrible candidate . that is what I criticize Mitt Romney -- I mean , ran excuse me . he ran one terrible campaign . that is an election that should have been won . no , no , I am the only one on the stage that is hired people . you have not hired anybody . and by the way , I have hired -- and by the way , I have hired tens of thousands of people over at my job . you have hired nobody . you have had nothing but problems with your credit cards , et cetera . so do not tell me about that . you have not hired one person , you liar . that is wrong . that is wrong . totally wrong . I have hired tens of thousands of people over my lifetime . tens of thousands be quiet . just be quiet . let me talk . I have hired tens of thousands of people . he brings up something from years ago , it worked out very well . everybody was happy . and by the way , the laws were totally different . that was a whole different world . but I have hired people . nobody up here has hired anybody . I can only say this , and I have said it loud and clear and I have said it for years . and many of these people are sitting right in the audience right now -- your lobbyist and your special interest and your donors , because the audience is packed with them , and they are packed with you . I have had an amazing relationship with politicians -- with politicians both Democrat , Republican , because I was a businessman . as one magazine said , he is a worldclass businessman ; he was friendly with everybody . I got along with everybody . you get along with nobody . you do not have one Republican -- you do not have one Republican senator , and you work with them every day of your life , although you skipped a lot of time . these are minor details . but you do not have one Republican senator backing you ; not one . you do not have the endorsement of one Republican senator and you work with these people . you should be ashamed of yourself . here's a man -- Robin Hood . this is Robin Hood over here . he talks about corruption . on his financial disclosure form , he did not even put that he is borrowed money from CitiBank and from Goldman Sachs , which is a total violation . he did not talk about the fact that he pays almost no interest . he just left it off , and now he is going to protect the people from the big bad banks . give me a break . correct . I will , and the wall just got feet taller , believe me . it just got feet taller . I saw him make that -- I saw him make the statement . I saw him use the word that he used . I can only tell you , if I would have used even half of that word , it would have been national scandal . this guy used a filthy , disgusting word on television , and he should be ashamed of himself , and he should apologize , ok ? number one . number two , we have a trade deficit with Mexico of billion a year . and that does not include all the drugs that are pouring across and destroying our country . we are going to make them pay for that wall . now , the wall is billion to billion , if I do it . if these guys do it , it will end up costing billion . but the wall is billion to billion . you need , -- you need , miles . the great wall of China , built , years ago -- is , miles . we need , because we have a lot of natural barriers . we can do it for billion to billion , and it is a real wall . this is a wall that is a heck of a lot higher than the ceiling you are looking at . this is a wall that is going to work . Mexico will pay for it , because they are not doing us any favors . they could stop all of this illegal trade if they wanted to immediately . Mexico will pay for the wall . it is a small portion of the kind of money that we lose and the deficits that we have with Mexico . well , you know , I do not mind trade wars when we are losing billion a year , you want to know the truth . we are losing so much . we are losing so much with Mexico and China -- with China , we are losing billion a year . and then people say , do not we want to trade ? I do not mind trading , but I do not want to lose billion . I do not want to lose billion . Mexico just took carrier corporation , maker of air conditioners . they just took Ford . they are building a . billion plant . they just took Nabisco out of Chicago . and I always say I am not having oreos anymore , which is true , by the way . but they just took a big plant from Nabisco into Mexico . they are taking our businesses . I do not mind . such a cute sound bite . all right , you know what ? because they devalue their currency -- they devalue their currencies that makes it -- well , you do not know a thing about business . you lose on everything let me just tell you -- they devalue their currency . they devalue their currencies . that makes it -- well , you do not know a thing about business . you lose on everything you do . let me just tell you , they devalue their currencies . China , Mexico , everybody . Japan with the cars . they devalue their currencies to such an extent that our businesses cannot compete with them , our workers lose their jobs but you would not know anything about it because you are a lousy businessman . no , I -- and you know why ? you know why ? you know why ? first of all first of all , that is called a and by the way -- and by the way and by the way I have won most of the lawsuits . and they actually did a very good job , but I have won most of the lawsuits . excuse me . hey Wolf , let me ask you . am I allowed to respond to this ? ok . well let -- no , I have not . I really have not . here's a guy -- here's a guy that buys a house for , he sells it to a lobbyist who is probably here for , and then legislation is passed . you tell me about this guy . this is what we are going to have as president . no , no , no . I took that is so wrong . we will work on that . I took million and I turned into billion . I borrowed million I borrowed million , I turned it into billion more than billion . I have to say , he lied this time . he lied . percent . percent . yes , yes , yes . years ago . true . true . no . first of all , I do not believe anything Telemundo says . number one . number two , I currently employ thousands of Hispanics , and over the years , I have employed tens of thousands of Hispanics . they are incredible people . they know , and the reason I won in Nevada , not only won the big one , but I also won subs , like , as an example , I won with women . I won with every single category . I won with men , I won with highincome , low income , I won with Hispanics . and I got percent . nobody else was close . because they know I am going to bring jobs back from China , from Japan , from so many other places . they get it . they are incredible people . they are incredible workers . they get it . and I have won many of the polls with Hispanics . I did not maybe win the Telemundo poll . but one thing I am also going to do , I am going to be getting -- bringing a lot of people in who are Democrats , who are independents , and you are seeing that with the polls , because if you look at anywhere , look at any of the elections , every single election , it has been record setting . and the good news is , for the Republican party , the Democrats are getting very poor numbers in terms of bringing them in . we are getting recordsetting numbers . I think I have something to do with that . we are getting recordsetting numbers . and I won every one -- the three of them that I won , I won with recordsetting numbers . new people are coming into the Republican party . we are building a new Republican party , a lot of new people are coming in . I love them . I love them . they are fine . do you know what ? they are fine . why did they take the poll ? why did they I am just telling you , I am doing very well with Hispanics . and by the way , I settled my suit , as you know , with univision . it was settled . we are good friends now . it was all settled up . very happy , very happy . very good people . I am just telling you -- I am just telling you that I will do really well with Hispanics . I will do better than anybody on this stage . I have respect for the people on the stage , but I will do very well with Hispanics . but I am telling you also , I am bringing people , Democrats over and I am bringing independents over , and we are building a much bigger , much stronger Republican party . yes , I would . and I have been there . and I have been there very strongly . I do have to say something , and this is interesting and it is not anybody's fault . it is not Ted's fault . Justice Roberts was strongly recommended and pushed by Ted . Justice Roberts gave us Obamacare . might as well be called robertscare . two times of the Supreme Court , Justice Roberts approved something that he should have never raised his hand to approve . and we ended up with Obamacare . that is a rough thing . and I know Ted feels badly about it . and I think he probably still respects the judge . but that judge has been a disaster in terms of everything we stand for because there is no way -- no way that he should have approved Obamacare . now , with that being said , these are the things that happen . but Ted very , very strongly pushed Judge Roberts , and Justice Roberts gave us something that we do not want . well , let -- let me -- let me just say -- let me just say this . look , I watched Ted -- and I respected it , but he gets nowhere -- stand on the senate floor for a day or two days , and talk and talk and talk . I watched the other senators laughing and smiling . and when Ted was totally exhausted , he left the senate floor , and they went back to work . ok ? we have to have somebody that is going to make deals . it is wonderful to stand up for two days and do that . now , Ted's been very critical -- I have a sister who is a brilliant excuse me . she is a brilliant judge . he is been criticizing -- he is been criticizing my sister for signing a certain bill . you know who else signed that bill ? Justice Samuel Alito , a very conservative member of the Supreme Court , with my sister , signed that bill . so I think that maybe we should get a little bit of an apology from Ted . what do you think ? when you say crazy zealot , are you talking about you ? crazy zealot -- give me a break . well , let -- let me just say -- let me just say , first of all , I have great respect for Justice Scalia . I thought he was terrific . and if you talk about evolving , Ronald Reagan was a somewhat liberal Democrat . Ronald Reagan evolved into a somewhat strong conservative -- more importantly , he was a great president . a great president . as far as planned parenthood is concerned , I am pro-life . I am totally against abortion , having to do with planned parenthood . but millions and millions of women -- cervical cancer , breast cancer -- are helped by planned parenthood . so you can say whatever you want , but they have millions of women going through planned parenthood that are helped greatly . and I would not fund it . I would defund it because of the abortion factor , which they say is percent . I do not know what percentage it is . they say it is percent . but I would defund it , because I am pro-life . but millions of women are helped by planned parenthood . I just want to say , I agree with that percent , except preexisting conditions , I would absolutely get rid of Obamacare . we are going to have something much better , but preexisting conditions , when I am referring to that , and I was referring to that very strongly on the show with Anderson Cooper , I want to keep pre existing conditions . I think we need it . I think it is a modern age . and I think we have to have it . I think they are wrong percent . what we need -- look , the insurance companies take care of the politicians . the insurance companies get what they want . we should have gotten rid of the lines around each state so we can have real competition . we thought that was gone , we thought those lines were going to be gone , so something happened at the last moment where Obamacare got approved , and all of that was thrown out the window . the reason is some of the people in the audience are insurance people , and insurance lobbyists , and special interests . they got -- I am not going to point to these gentlemen , of course , they are part of the problem , other than Ben , in all fairness . and , actually , the Governor too , let us just talk about these too , ok ? because I do not think the Governor had too much to do with this . but , we should have gotten rid of the borders , we should have gotten rid of the lines around the state so there is great competition . the insurance companies are making a fortune on every single thing they do . I am self-funding my campaign . I am the only one in either party self-funding my campaign . I am going to do what is right . we have to get rid of the lines around the states so that there is serious , serious competition . and , you are going to see -- excuse me . you are going to see preexisting conditions and everything else be part of it , but the price will be done , and the insurance companies can pay . right now they are making a fortune . that is going to solve the problem . and , the insurance companies are not going to say that , they want to keep it . they want to say -- they say whatever they have to say to keep it the way it is . I know the insurance companies , they are friends of mine . the top guys , they are friends of mine . I should not tell you guys , you will say it is terrible , I have a conflict of interest . they are friends of mine , there is some right in the audience . one of them was just waving to me , he was laughing and smiling . he is not laughing so much anymore . hi . look , the insurance companies are making an absolute fortune . yes , they will keep preexisting conditions , and that would be a great thing . get rid of Obamacare , we will come up with new plans . but , we should keep preexisting conditions . and , you do not know what it means you do not know . the biggest problem the biggest problem , I will have you know you know , I watched him meltdown two weeks ago with Chris Christie . I got to tell you , the biggest problem he is got is he really does not know about the lines . the biggest thing we have got , and the reason we have got no competition , is because we have lines around the state , and you have essentially you do not know much the lines around the states and , it was almost done -- not now excuse me . excuse me . you get rid of the lines , it brings in competition . so , instead of having one insurance company taking care of New York , or Texas , you will have many . they will compete , and it will be a beautiful thing . the nice part of the plan -- you will have many different plans . you will have competition , you will have so many different plans . no , no , no . laughter , applause , and cheering I watched him repeat himself five times four weeks ago I watched him meltdown on the stage like that , I have never seen it in anybody I thought he came out of the swimming pool I tell the truth , I tell the truth . we are going to have many different plans because competition there is going to be competition among all of the states , and the insurance companies . they are going to have many , many different plans . no , there is nothing to add . what is to add ? I do not want socialized medicine , just so you understand . he goes around saying oh , he wants it . I do not want socialized medicine . I do agree with him that it is going to be a disaster , Obamacare , for the economy . in , it will be impossible for us to pay for it if you look at what is going on . that is why it has to be repealed , for a lot of reasons , number one , it does not work , number two , premium . you look at premiums going up , even percent , and more . we have to get rid of Obamacare . it is going to destroy our economy completely . our economy is not doing well . it is going to destroy our economy greatly . and on that , I agree . that is false . no , I said it worked in a couple of countries no , I did not . no I did not . correct . I will not let people die on the streets if I am president . excuse me . let me talk . if people if people -- my plan is very simple . I will not -- we are going to have private -- we are going to have health care , but I will not allow people to die on the sidewalks and the streets of our country if I am president . you may let it and you may be fine with it I am not fine with it . we are going to take those people excuse me . we are going to take those people and those people are going to be serviced by doctors and hospitals . we are going to make great deals on it , but we are not going to let them die in the streets . you know what ? call it what you want . call it what you want , people are not going to be dying on the sidewalk . because the country will become a dynamic economy . we will be dynamic again . if you look at what is going on , we have the highest taxes anywhere in the world . we pay more business tax , we pay more personal tax . we have the highest taxes in the world . it is shutting off our economy . it is shutting off our country . we have trillions of dollars outside that we cannot get in . yes , we will do my tax plan , and it will be great . we will have a dynamic economy again . we are going to make many cuts in business . we are getting rid of -- we are going to get rid of so many different things . department of education -- common core is out . we are going local . have to go local . environmental protection -- we waste all of this money . we are going to bring that back to the states . and we are going to have other many things . we are going to cut many of the agencies , we will balance our budget , and we will be dynamic again . waste , fraud and abuse all over the place . waste , fraud and abuse . you look at what is happening with social security , you look -- look at what is happening with every agency -- waste , fraud and abuse . we will cut so much , your head will spin . I just want to say -- and I am a big fan of the Governor , but they also struck oil , ok , so that helped Iowa a lot . all right . first of all , let me just explain . I was the first one to file a financial disclosure form -- almost pages . you do not learn anything about somebody's wealth with a tax return . you learn it from statements . I filed -- which shows that I am worth over billion . I built a great company with very little debt . people were shocked , the people in the back , the reporters , they were shocked when they went down . and I filed it on time . I did not ask for five day extensions , which I would have been entitled to . so as far as that is concerned , I filed it . and that is where you find out what kind of a company . you do not learn anything from a tax return . I will say this . Mitt Romney looked like a fool when he delayed and delayed and delayed . and harry reid baited him so beautifully . and Mitt Romney did not file his return until a september st of , about a month-and-a-half before the election . and it cost him big league . as far as my return , I want to file it , except for many years , I have been audited every year . twelve years , or something like that . every year they audit me , audit me , audit me . nobody gets audited -- I have friends that are very wealthy people . they never get audited . I get audited every year . I will absolutely give my return , but I am being audited now for two or three years , so I cannot do it until the audit is finished , obviously . and I think people would understand that . are you going to ask anybody else that question ? every single question comes to me ? I know I am here for the ratings , but it is a little bit ridiculous . true . no , I am not . first of all , very few people listen to your radio show . that is the good news . let me just tell you , let me just -- which happens to be true . check out the ratings . look , let me just tell you something . let me just tell you something . I want to release my tax returns but I cannot release it while I am under an audit . we are under a routine audit . I have had it for years , I get audited . and obviously if I am being audited , I am not going to release a return . as soon as the audit is done , I love it . Eighty-five percent say you , big difference . so at the beginning , I said openly to everybody that I contribute to many , many politicians , both Republican and Democrat . and I have , over the years . I am a businessman . I have , over the years . and I sort of have to laugh when Ted makes a big deal out of the fact that he is doing well in the polls . well , I am beating him in virtually every poll . I am tied in Texas , by the way , which I should not be . but I think I will do very well . but a poll just came out -- a Bloomberg poll -- where I am beating him so badly that it is , like , embarrassing even for me to say I am beating him that badly . and -- and here's the thing -- it was sort of funny -- percent of the people do not like you -- I just got percent of the vote , right ? I just got percent on another one . I got percent on another one . that means -- and he got and , and he lost in South Carolina so badly -- that was going to be his stronghold . he said a year ago , I cannot lose South Carolina . I beat him in a landslide . last week in Nevada , I beat him in a landslide , and he sank about the polls . one other thing -- Hillary Clinton -- take a look at USA today , take a look at the q poll . I beat her , and I beat her badly . and I -- and I have not even started at her . I only had one little interchange I only had one little interchange , and that was four weeks ago , when she said I was sexist . and believe me , they had a rough weekend that weekend , between bill and Hillary . they had a rough weekend . nothing . you -- you do not I am not afraid . first of all , he is talking about the polls . I am beating him awfully badly in the polls . well , then , if I cannot -- if -- hey , if I cannot beat her , you are really going to get killed , are not you ? so -- so let me ask you this , because you are really getting beaten badly . I know you are embarrassed -- I know you are embarrassed , but keep fighting -- keep swinging , man . swing for the fences . let me just tell you -- let me just tell you , the Trump university case is a civil case . not a -- it is a civil case . it is a case where people want to try and get -- it is a case that is nonsense . it is something I could have settled many times . I could settle it right now for very little money , but I do not want to do it out of principle . the people that took the course all signed -- most -- many -- many signed report cards saying it was fantastic , it was wonderful , it was beautiful . as -- and believe me , I will win that case . that is an easy case . civil case . number two , as far as the taxes are concerned , I am being audited . it is a very routine audit , and it is very unfair , because I have been audited for , I think , over years . every year , because of the size of my company , which is very , very large , I am being audited -- which is a very large company . I am being audited years in a row , at least . now , until that audit is done , and I do not think anybody would blame me , I am not giving it audited for those years . shocking . right . well , first of all , I do not think they do under President Obama because I think he is treated Israel horribly , all right ? I think he is treated Israel horribly . I was the grand marshall down th avenue a number of years ago for the Israeli day parade , I have very close ties to Israel . I have received the tree of life award and many of the greatest awards given by Israel . as president , however , there is nothing that I would rather do to bring peace to Israel and its neighbors generally . and I think it serves no purpose to say that you have a good guy and a bad guy . now , I may not be successful in doing it . it is probably the toughest negotiation anywhere in the world of any kind . ok ? but it does not help if I start saying , I am very pro-Israel , very pro , more than anybody on this stage . but it does not do any good to start demeaning the neighbors , because I would love to do something with regard to negotiating peace , finally , for Israel and for their neighbors . and I cannot do that as well -- as a negotiator , I cannot do that as well if I am taking big , big sides . with that being said , I am totally pro-Israel . well , I can only say -- look , I can only say I have been a big contributor to Israel over the years . I have received many , many awards from Israel , as I have said before . I have a great relationship with Israel . and I am going to keep it that way . and if I could bring peace , that would be a fantastic thing . it would be one of my greatest achievements as president . I am a negotiator . I have done very well over the years through negotiation . it is very important that we do that . in all fairness , Marco is not a negotiator . I watched him melt down and I will tell you , it was one of the saddest things I have ever seen . he is not going down -- excuse me wait a minute , and these people may even be tougher than Chris Christie . ok ? ok , no , no , no -- a deal is a deal . let me tell you that . I learned a long time ago . you are not a negotiator . you are not a negotiator . and , with your thinking , you will never bring peace . you will never bring peace excuse me , I want to be able to bring peace he will never be able to do it . I think I may be able to do it , although I will say this . probably the toughest deal of any kind is that particular deal . one thing I would like to add to what the Governors saying , I think that we are now in a position -- are trillion dollars because of the horrible omnibus budget that was approved six weeks ago , it is going to be trillion dollars . we can no longer defend all of these countries , Japan , Germany , South Korea . you order televisions , you order almost anything , you are getting it from these countries . whether it is a Mercedes Benz , or whether it is an air conditioning unit . they are coming out of these countries . they are making a fortune . Saudi Arabia , we are defending Saudi Arabia . before the oil went down , now they are making less , but they are making plenty . they were making billion dollars a day . we defend all of these countries for peanuts . you talk about budgets . we have to start getting reimbursed for taking care of the military services for all of these countries . I really do not because it not working and the countries are not agreeing to it and the rebels are not agreeing and Syria is not agreeing . so it is a meaningless ceasefire . I love the idea of a ceasefire . I love the idea of -- with a total cessation . but it is not working , as you know very well . it is not working . if -- we can do what we want with Russia but nobody else is adhering to it . so I certainly support it , I would certainly love it , but all parties have to be part of it . again , I think I gave them both checks to be exactly honest . I think they both liked me very much . but the fact is that well , I think Bush did a hell of a bad as far as that is concerned . you know it and so do I . be honest . be honest . no , this was before . the check came early . but let me just tell you , Syria , he is saying that I was in favor of Syria . he said I was in favor of Libya ? I never discussed that subject . I was in favor of Libya ? we would be so much better off if Gadhafi were in charge right now . if these politicians went to the beach and did not do a thing , and we had Saddam Hussein and if we had Gadhafi in charge , instead of having terrorism all over the place , we would be -- at least they killed terrorists , all right ? and I am not saying they were good because they were bad , they were really bad , but we do not know what we are getting . you look at Libya right now , ISIS , as we speak , is taking over their oil . as we speak , it is a total mess . we would have been better off if the politicians took a day off instead of going into war . I never said walk away . I would not want to walk away . I want them to pay us much more money . we cannot afford to subsidize a lot . I will negotiate a lot more money than you will ever get . as far as John Kerry is concerned , there has been no tougher critic of this man , I think he negotiated one of the worst deals in the history of our country , the Iran deal , where they get their billion and all of the other things that take place . it is a disaster for this country , and speaking of Israel , it is a disaster for Israel . I am no fan of John Kerry . well , look , my response is very simple . there is nobody on this stage that has done more for Israel than I have . nobody . you might say , you might talk , you are politicians , all talk , no action . I have been watching it all my life . you are all talk and no action . what I have seen up here -- I mean , first of all , this guy is a choke artist , and this guy is a liar . you have a combination you have a combination of factors . he cannot do it for the obvious reason , and he cannot do it because he does not know how to tell the truth . other than that , I rest my case . I watched -- I watched the lobbyists . I watched what this man did to Ben Carson , who I respect , in Iowa , where he said that Ben Carson is out of the race -- he has left Iowa and he is out of the race . and I thought it was disgraceful . and got a lot of votes because of that -- a lot of votes . took them away from Ben Carson . I watched that . probably took them away from me , too . but I watched it . I also watched where he did a forum that looked like it came right out of a government agency , and it said on top , voter violation , and then it graded you and it scared the hell out of people , and it said the only way you clear up the violation , essentially , is to go and vote for Ted Cruz . I watched that fraudulent document , and I said it is the worst thing I have ever seen in politics . to me , that was even worse than what he did to Ben . I know politicians -- I know politicians , believe it or not , better than you do . and it is not good . I funded you . I funded him . can you believe it ? I funded this guy . I gave him a check . I gave him a check . he never funded me . you know why ? I did not want to , but he sent me his book with his autograph Trump , you are doing a great job . I have his book . thank you -- thank you for the book . go ahead . this is a lot of fun up here tonight , I have to tell you . thank -- thank you for the book . I really appreciate it . go ahead . I am relaxed . you are the basket case . go ahead . go ahead . do not get nervous . go ahead . I have seen you . you are losing so badly you -- I want to I -- you do not know what is happening . first of all , you are talking about a border that is many , many times longer . you are talking about a massive border . we have far less problem with that border than we do with our southern border , and tremendous amounts -- you know , I won , I had the privilege of winning by a landslide , by the way , New Hampshire . you go to New Hampshire , the first thing they talk about is heroin and drugs pouring in . and , you would not think this beautiful place -- it is beautiful . with the trees and the roads , and the countryside . their biggest problem is heroin , and it is such a shame to see it . they are pouring in from the southern border , so I am talking about great security . I am talking about a wall that can absolutely be built , and I will build it on time , on budget . it will be a very high wall , a great wall . it is going to be built , it is going to be built . it is going to be paid for by Canada , by the way -- maybe I will get Canada to pay ? got to be paid for by Mexico . the problem with Canada , you are talking about a massively long piece . you are talking about a border that would be about four times longer . it would be very , very hard to do , and we -- it is not our biggest problem . I do not care what anyone says . it is not our big problem . our big problem is not only people coming in , and in many cases the wrong people , it is the tremendous amount of drugs that are coming in . thank you . nobody knows politicians better than I do . they are all talk , they are no action , nothing gets done . I have watched it for years . take a look at what is happening to our country . all of the things that I have been talking about , whether it is trade , whether it is building up our depleted military , whether it is taking care of our vets , whether it is getting rid of common core , which is a disaster , or knocking out Obamacare and coming up with something so much better , I will get it done . politicians will never , ever get it done . and we will make America great again . thank you . well look , he was a failed candidate , he should have beaten President Obama very easy . he failed miserably , and it was an embarrassment to everybody , including the Republican party . it looked like he went away on a vacation the last month . so , I do not take that , and I guess , obviously , he wants to be relevant . he wants to be back in the game . as far as domestic policy and trade which is killing our country , he said free trade and I believe in free trade also . but , if you look at China , and you look Japan , and if you look at Mexico , both at the border , by the way , where they are killing us . both at the border , and with trade -- and every other country we do business with we are getting absolutely crushed on trade . and , he said free trade , I say free trade great . but , not when they are beating us so badly . with China we are going to lose billion dollars in terms of trades . you just cannot do it . Mexico , billion dollars . Japan , probably about , they do not know it yet , but about billion dollars . every country we lose money with . as far as I am concerned , we have got to reduce -- we have to redo our trade deals percent . I have the greatest business people in the world lined up to do it . we will make great trade deals . I totally disavow the Klu Klux Klan . I totally disavow David Duke . I have been doing it now for two weeks , this is your -- you are probably about the th person that is asked me the question . it was very clear , that question was also talked about in the form of groups . groups , I want to know which groups are you talking about ? you have to tell me which groups ? ultimately , he got to the Klu Klux Klan , which obviously I am going to disavow . and , by the way , if you look on my Twitter account , almost immediately after the program they were disavowed again . you know , it is amazing . when I do something on Twitter , everybody picks it up , goes all over the place . but , when I did this one nobody ever picks it up . take a look at my Twitter account . thank you . thanks . and we will . well , I also happened to call him a lightweight , ok ? and I have said that . so I would like to take that back . he is really not that much of a lightweight . and as far as -- and I have to say this , I have to say this . he hit my hands . nobody has ever hit my hands . I have never heard of this . look at those hands . are they small hands ? and he referred to my hands , if they are small , something else must be small . I guarantee you there is no problem . I guarantee . I have heard Ted say that over and over again on television , that he is the only one that can beat me . just , for the record , I have won . he has won three or four . last week , in fact , on Tuesday , I was a half a million votes higher than him . I was a million votes higher than Marco , million votes . that is a lot of votes . and was by far in first place . so I keep hearing that he is the only one that can beat me but he is getting beaten very , very badly . so where does this come from ? where does it come from ? oh yeah , you are very nice words , but happens to be wrong . CNN just came out with a poll two days ago that that national poll -- excuse me the national poll -- a national poll where he is at , he is at and , I am at , so when he says percent , that would mean that percent of the people do not dig you , and I am back down to wrong I beat Hillary Clinton . I beat Hillary Clinton in many polls . I think I am talking . I beat Hillary Clinton I hope you think I beat Hillary Clinton in many polls . the cue poll just came out . I beat Hillary Clinton in a recent Fox poll , I beat Hillary Clinton in USA today , I beat her today in a poll in Ohio . I beat -- I am the only one that beats Hillary Clinton . I beat -- and I have not started on Hillary yet . believe me , I will start soon . I have not even started . in one poll in one poll wrong . wrong . this little guy has lied so much about my record . he has lied so much about my record . and I will tell you this . first of all , I got a call from my sister and brother tonight , and they said we had no idea dad gave you million . believe me , I started off with million . I built a company that is worth more than billion . and I say it not in a bragging way , but that is the kind of thinking we need . very low debt , tremendous cash flow . my financials are all -- they are all in there with the federal elections . you have seen them . everybody has seen them . I say it only because that is the kind of thinking this country needs with trillion in debit . believe me . they devalue their currencies . I will do that . and by the way , I have been doing it more and more . but they devalue their currencies , in particular China . Mexico is doing a big number now , also . Japan is unbelievable what they are doing . they devalue their currencies , and they make it impossible for clothingmakers in this country to do clothing in this country . and if you look at what is happened on seventh avenue , and you look at what is happened in New York with the garment industry , so much of the clothing now comes out from Vietnam , China , and other places . and it is all because of devaluation . by the way , the transpacific , if you look at the tpp , a total disaster , which , by the way , Marco is in favor of , they need -- it is a disaster for our country . it is trying to be approved by various people , including President Obama . and I will tell you something . the biggest problem with that is they do not take into concurrence the devaluation . they are devaluing their currency . and they are killing -- they are going to no , no . I have very good answers . I know what is happening with the economy . you do not know a thing . you have not employed in your life one person . I have employed tens of thousands of people . you have not employed one person . oh , you know what ? you know what ? take a look at Trump steaks . by the way , that is the other thing Mitt Romney false , totally false . and now the funny thing is he did not talk about the hundreds of really successful jobs , the buildings all over the world that have made a fortune . I will . do not worry about it , Marco . do not worry about it . do not worry about it little Marco , I will . do not worry about it , little Marco . this guy has a number one -- the number one absentee record in the United States he does not show up to vote . that is why the people in Florida do not like him . correct . department of education . we are cutting common core . we are getting rid of common core . we are bringing education locally . department of environmental protection . we are going to get rid are of it in almost every form . we are going to have little tidbits left but we are going to take a tremendous amount out . we have various other things . if you look at the irs , if you look at every single agency , we can cut it down , and I mean really cut it down and save . the waste , fraud , and abuse is massive . Larry Kudlow , great guy , everybody respects him , said my plan for taxes and tax cutting is the best by far of everybody . ok . let me explain something . because of the fact that the pharmaceutical companies -- because of the fact that the pharmaceutical companies are not mandated to bid properly , they have hundreds of billions of dollars in waste . we do not bid properly . we do not have proper bidding procedures . the reason we do not is because they take care of all of the senators , all of the congressman , and they do not bid . they do not go out to bid . take a look -- excuse me . you are talking about hundreds of billions of dollars if we went out to the proper bid . of course you are . I am saying saving through negotiation throughout the economy , you will save billion a year . and that is a huge -- of course it is . we are going to buy things for less money . of course it is . that works out I am not only talking about drugs , I am talking about other things . we will save billion a year if we properly negotiate . we do not do that . we do not negotiate . we do not negotiate anything . well , all of a sudden , I hear for years I have been involved in Washington . I have been supporting people for many years . and these people have been politicians , and they have been on both sides , Democrats , Republicans , liberals , conservatives . I have supported everybody , because , until recently , I was not a politician , and I hope maybe you do not all consider me a politician right now . I hate the term politician . but I have been supporting politicians . a recent article somewhere said Donald Trump is a worldclass businessman who goes out and he does get along with everybody . I have supported Democrats , and I have supported Republicans . and as a businessman , I owed that to my company , to my family , to my workers , to everybody to get along . part of the problem we have in Washington , Chris is it is total gridlock . nobody gets along . we need people to get along . we need to be able to get things done . actually , it was for business . it was . it was . it was for business . I pride myself , including outside of the United States . I am doing almost deals outside of the -- which I hope to be able to stop very soon and let my children handle it -- but we are doing many , many deals outside of the United States . I support politicians . I supported Hillary Clinton . I supported many other people , by the way . and that was because of the fact that I am in business . I did support very heavily Ronald Reagan . I also supported George Bush , by the way . let me tell you , something , Ted . the last person that Hillary Clinton wants to face is Donald Trump . that I can that I can tell you . hello . nice to be with you , Megyn . you are looking well . you are looking well . I do not know exactly what -- when you talk about off the record . first of all , buzzfeed ? they were the ones that said under no circumstances will I run for president . and were they wrong . but a lot of people said that . then , I did have a meeting with the editorial board of the New York Times , a very nice meeting . many of those things were off the record , I think at their suggestion and my suggestion . and I think being off the record is a very important thing . I think it is a very , very powerful thing . and I will say this . these three gentlemen have gone off the record many times with reporters . and I think they want to honor it , and I would always honor that . I will say , though , in terms of immigration -- and almost anything else -- there always has to be some , you know , tug and pull and deal . and , you know , when I watch Ted stand on the senate floor , I had great respect for what he did . he stood there for a dayanda half or something . in the meantime , what came of it ? nothing . you have to be able to have some flexibility , some negotiation . now , sometimes you ask for more than you want and you negotiate down to the point . I may have discussed something like that with the New York Times , but I would never release offtherecord conversations . I do not think it is fair , frankly , to do that to anybody . not very flexible . no , not very flexible . I give the example -- I am going to build a wall . I am the one that wants the wall . I am the one that can build the wall . it is going to get built . and by the way , Mexico is going to pay for the wall . I can tell you that . Mexico is going to pay for the wall . but -- and I used an example . and this is not necessarily what was said , but whatever was said , the walls feet high . is it going to be feet or feet ? that could very well be . that could very well -- he wants it to be higher . that could very well be . but there is always give and take . there is always negotiation . and the best negotiator that knows what he is doing will make a great deal . but we need give and take in government . if you do not have give and take , you are never going to agree on anything . fine . I will say one thing , what Marco said is -- I understand it . he is talking about a little give and take and a little negotiation . and you know what ? that is ok . that is not the worst thing in the world . there is nothing wrong with that . I happen to be much stronger on illegal immigration . Sheriff Joe Arpaio endorsed me . and if he endorses you , believe me , you are the strongest , from Arizona . but give and take is ok . and I thought what he said is ok . we may differ on the degree . but what he said to me is ok . no . I never do that . I would not do that . I do not think -- I have too much respect -- if I deal with you off the record , if I deal with bret or Chris off the record , I have too much respect for that process to say , just release everything . I would not do that . I am changing . I am changing . we need highly skilled people in this country , and if we cannot do it , we will get them in . but , and we do need in silicon valley , we absolutely have to have . so , we do need highly skilled , and one of the biggest problems we have is people go to the best colleges . they will go to Harvard , they will go to stanford , they will go to wharton , as soon as they are finished they will get shoved out . they want to stay in this country . they want to stay here desperately , they are not able to stay here . for that purpose , we absolutely have to be able to keep the brain power in this country . I am changing it , and I am softening the position because we have to have talented people in this country . that is correct . no , I am not playing . I am not playing to anybody's fantasies , I am playing to the fact that our country is in trouble , that we have a tremendous problem with crime . the border is a disaster , it is like a piece of swiss cheese . we are going to stop it , we are going to stop people from coming into our country illegally . we are going to stop it . first of all I have had tens of thousands of people working for me , most of which are -- percent of the people in this country , from this country . I am very proud of it . you have a club in palm beach , Florida called the Maralago Club , it is a very , very successful club . it has a very short season , it is called , the season , and it goes from november until march . it is a few months , five months at the most . people do not want a shortterm job . they do not want -- so , we will bring people in , and we will send the people out . all done legally , all done with the process that is approved by government in palm beach , or west palm beach . we bring people in , we bring them out . we want to hire as many Americans as we can , but they do not want parttime , very short parttime jobs . wrong that is wrong . wrong wrong the -- the -- the other hotels during the season , they do the same thing . they take in a lot of people , because you cannot get them . they take in a lot of people . longterm employees , we do not do that , but shortterm employees , we have no choice but to do it , and other hotels in that very , very hot area . it is a very hot area . it is very , very hard to get people . but other hotels do the exact same thing . and just so you understand , just again , this is a legal process . this is a procedure . it is part of the law . I take advantage of that . there is nothing wrong with it . we have no choice . this was not on the subject . tapes were not on the subject , but that is no , no . you are the liar . you are the lying guy up here . you are the -- you are the one . you are the one . you are the one . now , let me just tell you . let me just tell you . excuse me . excuse me . I have given my answer , lyin Ted . I have given my answer . they will not refuse . they are not going to refuse me . believe me . let me just tell you , you look at the Middle East . they are chopping off heads . they are chopping off the heads of Christians and anybody else that happens to be in the way . they are drowning people in steel cages . and he -- now we are talking about waterboarding . this really started with Ted , a question was asked of Ted last -- two debates ago about waterboarding . and Ted was , you know , having a hard time with that question , to be totally honest with you . they then came to me , what do you think of waterboarding ? I said it is fine . and if we want to go stronger , I would go stronger , too , because , frankly that is the way I feel . can you imagine -- can you imagine these people , these animals over in the Middle East , that chop off heads , sitting around talking and seeing that we are having a hard problem with waterboarding ? we should go for waterboarding and we should go tougher than waterboarding . that is my opinion . and -- and -- and -- I am a leader . I am a leader . I have always been a leader . I have never had any problem leading people . if I say do it , they are going to do it . that is what leadership is all about . well , look , you know , when a family flies into the world trade center , a man flies into the world trade center , and his family gets sent back to where they were going -- and I think most of you know where they went -- and , by the way , it was not Iraq -- but they went back to a certain territory , they knew what was happening . the wife knew exactly what was happening . they left two days early , with respect to the world trade center , and they went back to where they went , and they watched their husband on television flying into the world trade center , flying into the pentagon , and probably trying to fly into the white house , except we had some very , very brave souls on that third plane . all right ? I have no problem with it . I think richard haass is excellent . I have a lot of respect for him . I think general keane is excellent . I think that there are -- I like colonel jacobs very much . I see him . I know him . I have many people that I think are really excellent but in the end it is going to be my decision . when you just asked the question about snowden , I will tell you right from the beginning , I said he was a spy and we should get him back . and if Russia respected our country , they would have sent him back immediately , but he was a spy . it did not take me a long time to figure that one out . believe me . but I would get the best people , people that I would be comfortable with . and we will do the right thing . we have made a terrible mistake getting involved there in the first place . that thing will collapse about two seconds after they leave . just as I said that Iraq was going to collapse after we leave . we made a mistake going into Iraq . I have never said we made a mistake well , ok , I never said that . ok . would not matter . I never said it . should I respond to that first ? you will be here a long time . I hate the concept of it , but on a humanitarian basis , with what is happening , you have to . it is living in hell in Syria ; there is no question about it . they are living in hell . look , from a humanitarian standpoint , I would love to help , but we have our own problems . we have so many problems that we have to solve . they lied . they said there were weapons of mass destruction ; there were none . and they knew there were none . I do not know if he lied or not . he could have lied . maybe he did . maybe he did not . I guess you would have to ask him . well , on Afghanistan , I did mean Iraq . I think you have to stay in Afghanistan for a while , because of the fact that you are right next to pakistan , which has nuclear weapons , and we have to protect that . nuclear weapons change the game . and I was always against going into Iraq . in fact , I -- believe me , I was always against it . there was some cases where I sort of -- in one interview with a great friend of mine , and yours , howard stern -- said that -- said that I said very meekly , long before we went in , I said very meekly , well , maybe , maybe , I do not know . by the time it got to that point , I was always against Iraq . but Afghanistan , I felt -- and in that one , if you notice , I corrected it the second day . ok ? second question ? no , no . but now on -- let me explain that . you are right . let me explain . first time the question had been put to me , it was very early on . the migration had just started . and I had heard that the number was a very , very small number . by the second day , two or three days later , I heard the number was going to be thousands and thousands of people . you know , when they originally heard about it , they were talking about bringing very , very small numbers in . and I said , begrudgingly , well , I guess maybe that is ok . it was not like , let us bring them in , because I think we should build a safe zone in -- we should really -- what we should be doing is building safe zones so they can stay in their own country and not go all over , and at least this way we are not going to have the problem . that is what we have to do . but just -- just to set -- because I fully understand what you are asking . when I first heard the question , first time the question was ever asked to me , first time I really had known about the question , the migration had just started . I was very much like , ok , by the time I went back and studied it , and they were talking about bringing thousands and thousands , I changed my tune . and I do not think there is anything wrong with that . Megyn , I have a very strong core . I have a very strong core . but I have never seen a successful person who was not flexible , who did not have a certain degree of flexibility . you have to have a certain degree of flexibility . you cannot -- for instance , let us say , on -- on the second question , you cannot say it is ok , and then you find out it is not ok , and you do not want to do anything . you have to be flexible , because you learn . I mean , before I knew the question was asked by bill , and the next day , or the couple of days later , the question was asked by , by -- you know -- I was asked by a number of people , actually . I was asked by sean , but I was asked by a number of people . but by that time , the number had increased significantly . the next day . but I had learned . I mean , nobody had ever asked me the question . this was brand new . but -- and I really mean it . you have to show a degree of flexibility . if you are going to be one way and you think it is wrong , does that mean the rest of your life you have to go in the wrong direction because you do not want to change ? that is not right we will find out when we have the and , by the way , just so you understand this is a case I could have settled very easily , but I do not settle cases very easily when I am right . ninety-eight percent approval rating , we have an a from the better business bureau we have a percent approval rating from the people who took the course . we have an a from the better business bureau . and , people like it . now , he is saying they did not learn . we have many , many people that will be witnesses . again , I do not settle cases . I do not do it because that is why I do not get sued very often , because I do not settle , unlike a lot of other people . we have a situation where we will win in court but , many of the people that are witnesses did tremendously well , and made a lot of money by taking the course . you are going to see , you do not know you are going to see , you are going to see . no , no . before they had the information before they had the information before they had the information it got -- it is right now an a , once they had the information the only reason that is was a d was because we did not care -- we did not give them the information when they got the information it became an a Marco you do not know yes . but it was elevated to an a I can give it to you . I can give it to you tomorrow it was elevated to an a . small business right the lead plaintiff is now getting out of the case because it is so bad for her excuse me , the lead plaintiff signed a letter saying how great it was , and it on tape saying how great it was . she is trying to get out of the case . she is trying to get out of the case oh , give me a break give me a break . give me a break . you know what , let us see what happens in court . this is a civil case . very easy to have settled . could settle it now . very easy to have settled . let us see what happens at the end of a couple years when this case is over , ok ? yes , it has been going for a long time . we will win the case . one , one of the victims . I gave many people their money back . let me just we will see who is right at the end of a few years . but all of the -- almost all of the people , many , many people signed what is called the report card at the end , did you like the course , how did you like it . almost all of them said it was terrific , ok ? with letters , with this . some of them are on tape saying it was terrific . let us see what happens at the end of three years . I gave some refunds to people because if they asked for the refunds in a certain period of time , and we gave refunds to people . but let us see what happens at the end of three years . let us see who is right . it is called pending litigation . let me tell you the real con artist . excuse me . excuse me . the real con artist is Senator Marco Rubio who was elected in Florida and who has the worst voting record in the United States senate . he does not go to vote . he is absent . he does not go . now , the people of Florida cannot stand him . he could not get elected dogcatcher . the people of Florida -- the people of Florida -- and by the way , I know he is going to spend million on ads . without that he would not have a chance . he is points south . the people in Florida would not elect him dogcatcher . he could not get any -- he is right now points down to me . and , you know again , there will be a lot of advertising . it is the only thing that might save him . but I doubt it . he scammed the people of Florida . he scammed people . he does not vote . he does not show up for the Senate . he does not vote . he scammed the people . he defrauded the people of Florida . you defrauded the people of Florida , little Marco . that was licensing . oh , stop it . it is just a minor case . it is a minor case . it is a minor civil case . give me a break . it is a minor civil case . there are many , many civil cases . give me a break . I do not believe these politicians . all talk , no action . I am standing here listening to -- I am hearing him say about a percentage . CNN , he gets . that means percent , based on what you are saying , of the people do not dig you , number one , number one . is that a correct statement ? how do you get -- are you at in the new CNN poll ? do you believe in CNN ? I mean , I know we are with Fox . but CNN spent -- CNN spent a lot of money on a poll , just came out . I am at . he is at . he tells me about percent of the people . it is not percent of the people . if you go by that , percent of the people . then he goes , we have five . and -- well , excuse me , I won . I won states . if you listen to him , it is like -- I won states . everybody knows that on super Tuesday Trump was the winner . there was not one person that did not say that . even the two people on your left and right said we did a great job . so how does he take -- how does he take five and say it is better than ? I am by far the leader . but if you listen to a politician , he will try and convince you otherwise . no , I do not . no , I do not . according to your poll I know , but your recent polls have me beating Hillary Clinton , and very , very easily . I have nothing to say . I mean , generally speaking , agree with what he said . I would have certainly have rather left it to the states . I was always in favor -- I was very surprised when they came up with that decision . I would have certainly -- I would have preferred had it been left to the states and I think most people would have preferred that . no , I am a big defender of the second amendment . and if you look at what is happened , whether it is in California , where you had the people killed , whether it is in Paris -- which , by the way , has the toughest gun laws in the world and people killed . many , many people in the hospital gravely injured . they will be dying . many people will be dying in addition . if we had guns , or if they had guns on the other side of the room , with the bullets going in the opposite direction , you would not have had people killed . that I can tell you right now . so I am a very , very big supporter of the second amendment . I do not support it anymore . I do not support the ban on assault . I -- I did not say that . I did not say that . I did not say that . so we are listening to the all talk , no action politician , and he was the primary supporter of John Roberts , who gave us Obamacare . no , it is not . you take a look . he was the primary supporter . he pushed John Roberts , and pushed him , and pushed him , and Bush ultimately appointed him . he got appointed . and when it came his time to raise his hand and kill Obamacare , not once , but twice , he let us down , and he did the wrong thing . this is the man that was the primary supporter . and you can read law journal , you can read whatever you want to read -- I have read plenty of it . there was no stronger supporter of John Roberts than him . and it was a very , very big mistake . not what you say in the oped . that is not what you said in the oped . yeah , I know it is . but it is not what you said in the oped . lyin Ted . well , let me just say this . I have gotten to know Marco over a period of time , believe me , he is not a leader . believe me . he did not answer -- he is not a leader . and , frankly , when I say they will do as I tell them , they will do as I tell them . and that is very -- it is very simple . it is very simple . we are in a very dangerous place . we have a depleted military . totally depleted . we have -- by the way , our vets are treated horribly . we are going to take care of our vets . we are going to start taking care of our vets , properly , like we should . but we are going to build up our military , and we are going to get the equipment we want , not the equipment that is sold to us by somebody that gave him and him and not the Governor campaign contributions . ok ? we are going to get the equipment that the generals and the soldiers want . I will prove to be a great leader . and , you know , it is very interesting , we talk about the polls . every single poll when it comes to ISIS and the military and the border say , by far , Trump is the best . wrong . wrong . wrong . wrong . he said very good things about me , and I said yeah , finish . let me just tell you , first of all , I have been hearing this man so long talking about Putin . Putin said about me -- I did not say about Putin -- Putin said very nice things about me . and I say very nicely , would not it be nice if actually we could get along with Russia , we could get along with foreign countries , instead of spending trillions and trillions of dollars ? you are talking about Flint , Michigan . you are talking about places -- we need to rebuild the infrastructure of our country . would not it be nice if we got along with the world , and maybe Russia could help us in our quest to get rid of ISIS , et cetera , et cetera ? I think I would get along very well with Vladimir Putin . I just think so . even if it is not me ? let me just start off by saying ok -- that I am very , very proud of -- millions and millions of people have come to the Republican party over the last little while . they have come to the Republican party . and by the way , the Democrats are losing people . this is a trend that is taking place . it is the biggest thing happening in politics , and I am very proud to be a part of it . and I am going to give them some credit , too , even though they do not deserve it . but the answer is yes , I will . yes , I will . yes . I will . thank you . I am going to bring jobs back to the United States like nobody else can . we are going to fix our very depleted military . we are going to take care of our vets . we are going to strengthen our borders . and you are going to be very , very proud of this country in just a few years if I am elected president . thank you . one of the biggest political events anywhere in the world is happening right now with the Republican party . millions and millions of people are going out to the polls and they are voting . they are voting out of enthusiasm . they are voting out of love . some of these people , frankly , have never voted before -- years old , years old , years old -- never voted before . we are taking people from the Democrat party . we are taking people as independents , and they are all coming out and the whole world is talking about it . it is very exciting . I think , frankly , the Republican establishment , or whatever you want to call it , should embrace what is happening . we are having millions of extra people join . we are going to beat the Democrats . we are going to beat Hillary or whoever it may be . and we are going to beat them soundly . because nobody knows the system better than me . nobody knows it better than me . I am a businessman . these are laws . these are regulations . these are rules . we are allowed to do it . and frankly , because of the devaluations that other countries -- the monetary devaluations that other countries are constantly doing and brilliantly doing against us , it is very , very hard for our companies in this country , in our country , to compete . so I will take advantage of it ; they are the laws . but I am the one that knows how to change it . nobody else on this day knows how to change it like I do , believe me . I will . first of all , I think and I know the hb very well . and it is something that I frankly use and I should not be allowed to use it . we should not have it . very , very bad for workers . and second of all , I think it is very important to say , well , I am a businessman and I have to do what I have to do . when it is sitting there waiting for you , but it is very bad . it is very bad for business in terms of -- and it is very bad for our workers and it is unfair for our workers . and we should end it . very importantly , the Disney workers endorsed me , as you probably read . and I got a full endorsement because they are the ones that said , and they had a news conference , and they said , he is the only one that is going to be able to fix it . because it is a mess . I think for a period of a year to two years we have to look back and we have to see , just to answer the second part of your question , where we are , where we stand , what is going on . we have to sort of take a strong , good , hard look and come up with plans that work . and we are rushing into things , and we are just -- we are leading with the chin . we are leading with people that do not know what they are doing in terms of our leadership . I would say a minimum of one year , maybe two years . education through Washington , I do not want that . I want local education . I want the parents , and I want all of the teachers , and I want everybody to get together around a school and to make education great . and it was very interesting , I was with Ben Carson today , who is endorsing me , by the way , tomorrow morning , and we were talking . we spoke for over an hour on education . and he has such a great handle on it . he wants competitive schools . he wants a lot of different things that are terrific , including charter schools , by the way , that the unions are fighting like crazy . but charter schools work and they work very well . so there are a lot of things . but I am going to have Ben very involved with education , something that is an expertise of his . you are right , Jake . but it has been taken over by the federal government . it was originally supposed to be that way . and certainly sounds better that way . but it has all been taken over now by the bureaucrats in Washington , and they are not interested in what is happening in Miami or in Florida , in many cases . now in some cases they would be . but in many cases they are more interested in their paycheck and the big bureaucracy than they are taking care of the children . well , first of all , I want you to understand that the Democrats , and I have watched them very intensely , even though it is a very , very boring thing to watch , that the Democrats are doing nothing with social security . they are leaving it the way it is . in fact , they want to increase it . they want to actually give more . and that is what we are up against . and whether we like it or not , that is what we are up against . I will do everything within my power not to touch social security , to leave it the way it is ; to make this country rich again ; to bring back our jobs ; to get rid of deficits ; to get rid of waste , fraud and abuse , which is rampant in this country , rampant , totally rampant . and it is my absolute intention to leave social security the way it is . not increase the age and to leave it as is . you have years , you have a long time to go . it is not long in terms of what we are talking about , but it is still a long time to go , and I want to leave social security as is , I want to make our country rich again so we can afford it . I want to bring back our jobs , I want to do things that will make us , that will bring back gdp I mean , as an example , gdp was zero essentially for the last two quarters . if that ever happened in China . you would have had a depression like nobodys ever seen before . they go down to percent , percent , and it is a -- it is a national tragedy . we are at zero , we are not doing anything . we have lost our jobs . we have lost everything . we are losing everything . our jobs are gone , our businesses are being taken out of the country . I want to make America great again and I want to leave social security as is . we are going to get rid of waste , fraud , abuse and bring back business . because they do not cover most of the subjects . we are the policemen of the world . we take care of the entire world . we are going to have a stronger military , much stronger . our military is depleted . but we take care of Germany , we take care of Saudi Arabia , we take care of Japan , we take care of South Korea . we take -- every time this maniac from North Korea does anything , we immediately send our ships . we get virtually nothing . we have , soldiers on the line , on the border between North and South Korea . we have so many places . Saudi Arabia was making a billion dollars a day , and we were getting virtually nothing to protect them . we are going to be in a different world . we are going to negotiate real deals now , and we are going to bring the wealth back to our country . we owe trillion . we are going to bring wealth back to our country . well , I do not know if he is saying that . look , I am just saying very simply we have a country that I have never seen anything like it . I have been going over budgets and looking at budgets . we do not bid things out . we do not bid out , as an example , the drug industry , pharmaceutical industry . they do not go out to bid . they just pay almost as if you walk into a drug store . that is what they are paying . and the reason is they have a fantastic lobby . they take care of all of the senators , the congressmen . they have great power and they do not bid out . the military is never properly bid . when we go out to military bids , it is not properly bid . and the people that really sell us the product are oftentimes the product we do not want , only because that particular company has political juice , ok ? I am self-funding my campaign . nobody is going to be taking care of me . I do not want anybody's money . I will tell you something . we are going to go out to bid in virtually every different facet of our government . we are going to save a fortune . yes . if you look back to Iowa , Ted did change his view and his stance on ethanol quite a bit . he did and -- at the end . not full on , but he did change his view in the hopes of maybe doing well . and you know , I think everybody knows that . it was a front page story all over the place , and he did make a change . well , that is fine . first of all , Ted was in favor of amnesty . so there is no question about that . and Sheriff Joe Arpaio recently endorsed me and there is nobody tougher on the borders than sheriff joe . and jeff sessions , one of the most respected senator in Washington , an incredible man , also endorsed me . and there is nobody that knows more about the borders than senator jeff sessions . I would say this . we are all in this together . we are going to come up with solutions . we are going to find the answers to things . and so far I cannot believe how civil it is been up here . well , first of all , I do not really think that . I think that I hold views that are very similar to many of the people . we are more inclusive . and if you look at the polls and if you look at the millions of people that have been pouring into the polls , it is , again , the biggest story . you look at all of these people that are coming in , something is happening . I am different in one primary respect , and that is trade . I feel that we have had horrible negotiators , horrible trade deals . the jobs in this country are disappearing , and especially the good jobs . you look at the recent jobs reports , which are really done so that presidents and politicians look good , because all of these people looking for jobs , when they give up , they go home , they give up , and they are considered statistically employed . so that is that . but I will say , trade deals are absolutely killing our country . the devaluations of their currencies by China and Japan and many , many other countries , and we do not do it because we do not play the game . and the only way we are going to be able to do it is we are going to have to do taxes unless they behave . if you do not tax certain products coming into this country from certain countries that are taking advantage of the United States and laughing at our stupidity , we are going to continue to lose businesses and we are going to continue to lose jobs . and if you look at the average worker over the last years , their salary and their pay have gone down , not up . it has gone down . and I think that is why there has been such an outpouring of love to what I am saying . the percent tax is a threat . it was not a tax , it was a threat . it will be a tax if they do not behave . take China as an example . I have many friends , great manufacturers , they want to go into China . they cannot . China will not let them . we talk about free trade . it is not tree free trade , it is stupid trade . China dumps everything that they have over here . no tax , no nothing , no problems , no curfews , no anything . we cannot get into China . I have the best people , manufacturers , they cannot get in . when they get in , they have to pay a tremendous tax . the percent is a threat that if they do not behave , if they do not follow the rules and regulations so that we can have it equal on both sides , we will tax you . it does not have to be , it could be less . but it has to be something because our country and our trade and our deals and most importantly our jobs are going to hell . Jake , I have to say -- honestly , it is just the opposite . what will happen if they do not behave , we will put on a tax of some amount , and it could be a large amount , and we will start building those factories and those plants . instead of in China , we will build them here . and people will buy products from here , rather than buying it through China where we are being ripped off . and we have a billion trade deficit right now . so we will build our factories here and we will make our own products . and that is the way it should be done . and the way we have been doing it for the last long period of time is our country -- our country is in serious , serious trouble . it is a bubble and it is going to explode , believe me . I mean a lot of them . I mean a lot of them . well , you know , I have been watching the debate today . and they are talking about radical Islamic terrorism or radical Islam . but I will tell you this . there is something going on that maybe you do not know about , maybe a lot of other people do not know about , but there is tremendous hatred . and I will stick with exactly what I said to Anderson Cooper . Marco talks about consequences . well , we have had a lot of consequences , including airplanes flying into the world trade center , the pentagon and could have been the white house . there have been a lot of problems . now you can say what you want , and you can be politically correct if you want . I do not want to be so politically correct . I like to solve problems . we have a serious , serious problem of hate . there is tremendous hate . there is tremendous hate . where large portions of a group of people , Islam , large portions want to use very , very harsh means . let me go a step further . women are treated horribly . you know that . you do know that . women are treated horribly , and other things are happening that are very , very bad . now I will say this , there is tremendous hatred . the question was asked , what do you think ? I said , there is hatred . now it would be very easy for me to say something differently . and everybody would say , oh , is not that wonderful . we better solve the problem before it is too late . let me go back to the other just for a second . in large mosques , all over the Middle East , you have people chanting death to the USA . now , that does not sound like a friendly act to me . as far as the families are concerned , and as far as the law is concerned , we have a law -- this all started with your question on water boarding . we have a law that does not allow right now water boarding . they have no laws . they have no rules . they have no regulations . they chop off heads . they drown , people at a time in big steel cages , pull them up an hour later , everyone dead . and we are working on a different set of parameters . now , we have to obey the laws . have to obey the laws . but we have to expand those laws , because we have to be able to fight on at least somewhat of an equal footing or we will never ever knock out ISIS and all of the others that are so bad . we better expand our laws or we are being a bunch of suckers , and they are laughing at us . they are laughing at us , believe me . first of all , there is nobody on this stage that is more pro Israel than I am . ok . there is nobody . I am pro-Israel . I was the grand marshall , not so long ago , of the Israeli day parade down avenue . I have made massive contributions to Israel . I have a lot of -- I have tremendous love for Israel . I happen to have a son-in-law and a daughter that are Jewish , ok ? and two grandchildren that are Jewish . but I will tell you , I think if we are going to ever negotiate a peace settlement , which every Israeli wants , and I have spoken to the toughest and the sharpest , they all want peace , I think it would be much more helpful is -- I am a negotiator . if I go in , I will say I am pro-Israel and I have told that to everybody and anybody that would listen . but I would like to at least have the other side think I am somewhat neutral as to them , so that we can maybe get a deal done . maybe we can get a deal . I think it is probably the toughest negotiation of all time . but maybe we can get a deal done . and , by the way , just so you understand , as far as Iran , I would have never made that deal . I think it is maybe the world deal I have ever seen . I think it is the worst deal I have ever seen negotiated . I will be so tough on them and ultimately that deal will be broken unless they behave better than they have ever behaved in their lives , which is probably unlikely . that deal will be broken . if I become president of the United States , one of the things that will be an absolute priority is number one , protection of Israel , but also seeing if a deal can be made , the toughest deal , the toughest negotiation there probably is of any kind no matter where you look , no matter how hard you look . but I would like to give it a shot . very , very pro-Israel , nobody more pro-Israel . but I would love to give it a shot . and I have to tell you this , hugh . I have friend , Israelis , non-Israelis , people from New York City that happen to be Jewish and love Israel , and some are very tough people , every single one of them , they know it is tough , but every single one of them wants to see if we could ever have peace in Israel . and some believe it is possible . it may not be , in which case we will find out . but it would be a priority if I become president to see what I could do . we really have no choice . we have to knock out ISIS . we have to knock the hell out of them . we have to get rid of it . and then come back and rebuild our country , which is falling apart . we have no choice . I would listen to the generals , but I am hearing numbers . we have to knock them out fast . look , we are not allowed to fight . we cannot fight . we are not knocking out the oil because they do not want to create environmental pollution up in the air . I mean , these are things that nobody even believes . they think we are kidding . they did not want to knock out the oil because of what it is going to do to the carbon footprint . we do not fight like we used to fight . we used to fight to win . now we fight for no reason whatsoever . we do not even know what we are doing . so , the answer is we have to knock them out . we have to knock them out fast . and we have to get back home . and we have to rebuild our country which is falling apart . well , I do not really agree with President Obama . I think I am somewhere in the middle . what I want is I want a much better deal to be made because right now , Cuba is making -- as usual with our country , we do not make good deal . we do not have our right people negotiating , we have people that do not have a clue . as an example , I heard recently where the threat was made that they want reparations for years of abuse by the United States , and nobodys talking about it and they will end up signing a deal and then we will get sued for billion or trillion . all that stuff has to be agreed to now . we do not want to get sued after the deal is made . so I do not agree with President Obama , I do agree something should be -- should take place . after years , it is enough time , folks . but we have to make a good deal and we have to get rid of all the litigation that is going to happen . this was just a little story but it was a big story to me because I said oh , here we go , we make a deal , then get sued for a tremendous amount of money for reparations . so I want to do something , but it is got to be done intelligently . we have to make good deal . I would want to make a good deal , I would want to make a strong , solid , good deal because right now , everything is in Cuba's favor . right now , everything , every single aspect of this deal is in Cuba's favor . it the same way as the Iran deal . we never walked -- we never -- all we do is keep giving . we give and give and give . I would probably have the embassy closed until such time as a really good deal was made and struck by the United States . well , if Ted was listening , he would have heard me say something very similar . I said we would not do the deal unless it was going to be a very good deal for us . and I think I said it loud and I think I said it very clear . and I think after years , and I have many friends , I own many properties in Miami , many , many , and I have many people that know and they feel exactly the way I do , make a deal , it would be great , but it is got to be a great deal for the United States , not a bad deal for the United States . as far as Iran is concerned , I would have never made that deal . that is one of the worst deals ever , ever made by this country . it is a disaster . so for Ted to say I agree with this deal , I mean , it is a staple in my speeches that that may he worst single deal I have ever seen negotiated . so do not try to put it on me like it is wonderful , like I love it . I was against the giving of the money at all cost . I said do not negotiate at all until you get the prisoners back . if the prisoners do not come back early -- three years ago . one of the longest negotiations I have ever seen , by the way . if they do not come back early , I was saying do not negotiate . they come back early . what you do is you take it back and you say , either give us the prisoners or we double up the sanctions . what we should have done is doubled up the sanctions and made a much better deal . cause that deal is a disaster . Ted , the money is largely gone because of incompetent and very , very poor negotiators . but that money , the billion , is largely gone and already spent everywhere but the United States . that does not mean I was endorsing that . I was not endorsing it . I said that is a strong , powerful government that put it down with strength . and then they kept down the riot . it was a horrible thing . it does not mean at all I was endorsing it . as far as Putin is concerned , I think Putin has been a very strong leader for Russia . I think he has been a lot stronger than our leader , that I can tell you . I mean , for Russia , that does not mean I am endorsing Putin . I used to think merkel was a great leader until she did what she did to Germany . Germany is a disaster right now . so I used to think that . and strong does not mean good . Putin is a strong leader , absolutely . I could name many strong leaders . I could name very many very weak leaders . but he is a strong leader . now I do not say that in a good way or a bad way . I say it as a fact . I hope not . I truly hope not . I will say this . we have , people -- you have seen it yourself . people come with tremendous passion and love for the country , and when they see protest -- in some cases -- you know , you are mentioning one case , which I have not seen , I heard about it , which I do not like . but when they see what is going on in this country , they have anger that is unbelievable . they have anger . they love this country . they do not like seeing bad trade deals , they do not like seeing higher taxes , they do not like seeing a loss of their jobs where our jobs have just been devastated . and I know -- I mean , I see it . there is some anger . there is also great love for the country . it is a beautiful thing in many respects . but I certainly do not condone that at all , Jake . we have some protesters who are bad dudes , they have done bad things . they are swinging , they are really dangerous and they get in there and they start hitting people . and we had a couple big , strong , powerful guys doing damage to people , not only the loudness , the loudness I do not mind . but doing serious damage . and if they have got to be taken out , to be honest , I mean , we have to run something . and it is not me . it is usually the municipal government , the police because I do not have guards all over these stadiums . I mean , we fill up stadiums . it is usually the police -- and , by the way , speaking of the police , we should pay our respects to the police because they are taking tremendous abuse in this country and they do a phenomenal job . so we should pay -- we should truly give our police . they are incredible people , we should give them a great deal more respect than they receive . it shows the total dishonesty of the press . we were having -- on a few occasions , again massive crowds . and we are talking and I am saying who is going to vote on Tuesday ? who is going to vote ? the place goes crazy . then I say , hey , do me a favor . raise your right hand . do you swear you are going to vote for Donald Trump ? everyone's laughing , we are all having a good time . that is why I have much bigger crowds than Ted , because we have a good time at mine . but we are all having a good time and the next day , on the today show and a couple of other place , not too many . because when you look at it , everyones smiling , laughing . their arms are raised like this . they had pictures , still pictures of people and they tried to equate it to nazi Germany . it is a disgrace . it was a total disgrace . and I have had reporters , people that you know , come up to me and said that -- what they did on the today show was a disgrace . I think that what should happen , getting back maybe a little bit to your first question , I think that whoever -- first of all , I think I am going to have the delegates . ok ? I think . let us see what happens . but if somebody does not have the delegates , and I guess there is two of us up here that can and there are two of us that cannot at this moment . but if -- no , that is just -- by the way , that is not meant to be a criticism . that is just a mathematical fact . ok ? if two of us get up there , I would say this , if -- if Marco , if the Governor , if Ted had more votes than me in the form of delegates , I think whoever gets to the top position as opposed to solving that artificial number that was by somebody , which is a very random number , I think that whoever gets the most delegates should win . that is what I think . make me president . you know , I listen and I watch Ted on television and when he speaks , and he is always saying , I am the only one that beat Donald in six contests ; and I beat him . but I beat him in contests . he never mentions that . and let me just tell you another little fact , little minor fact . I have about a million votes during this primary season , more votes than Ted . the other thing is , I beat Hillary , and I will give you the list , I beat Hillary in many of the polls that have been taken . and each week , I get better and better . and believe me , I have not even started on her yet . I have not made that decision yet . I will make a decision on that , but I have not made that decision . my decision was that I would go through the entire primary season and I have turned down probably million worth . I have many , many friends that come up all day long , million , million , I am turning down money . I feel sort of foolish to be honest with you . I do not know if I get any credit for it but I am self-funding my campaign . and other than -- and by the way , other than very small donations where people are sending in , and we have some of that , but it is not a large amount . no , I am self-funding my campaign , and the reason is that I have been in this business a long time and I was on the other side -- until eight months ago I was on the or side . I made massive contributions , large contributions to politicians , both Democrats and Republicans . I was liked by everybody , which is an important thing . I will say this -- people control special interests , lobbyists , donors , they make large contributions to politicians and they have total control over those politicians . I do not want anybody to control me but the people right out there . and I am going to do the right thing . Ted was given to pacs . I mean , pacs -- you know , these super pacs are a disaster , by the way , folks . very corrupt . it is going to lead to lots of disasters . but Ted has super pacs and you have to look at the people that are giving to those super pacs , number one . it is very important to do that . there is total control of the candidates , I know it better than anybody that probably ever lived . and I will tell you this , I know the system far better than anybody else and I know the system is broken . and I am the one , because I know it so well because I was on both sides of it , I was on the other side all my life and I have always made large contributions . and frankly , I know the system better than anybody else and I am the only one up here that is going to be able to fix that system because that system is wrong . it depends on what comes up . you never know . it depends on what comes up . look , look , we had a great president , Ronald Reagan . we had tip oneill , speaker . and what do we do , we take these two men that are very , very different men , they got along , they had relationships , and they got things , and very beautifully . nobody is complaining about the deals that Ronald Reagan made . and he made it with tip oneill . we need to have people get together and work good deals out , good deals out from our standpoint . and I will tell you this , it can be done . we do not want to continue to watch people signing executive orders because that was not what the constitution and the brilliant designers of this incredible document had in mind . we need people that can make deals and can work , because right now in Washington there is total , absolute gridlock . thank you very much . the Republican party has a great chance to embrace millions of people that it is never known before . they are coming by the millions . we should seize that opportunity . these are great people . these are fantastic people . these are people that love our country . these are people that want to see America be great again . these are people that will win us the election and win it easily . these are people that once the election is won will be able to put Supreme Court Justices up that will do a fabulous job . because let me tell you , if we lose this election , you are going to have three , four or maybe even five justices and this country will never , ever recover . it will take centuries to recover . so I just say embrace these millions of people that now for the first time ever love the Republican party . and unify . be smart and unify . thank you very much , everybody . well , I want to begin by thanking the people of South Carolina . this is a special state . thank you . these are special people and we got a little boost last week from a place we all remember New Hampshire . we cannot forget it . special , special . we love it . and they sent us in here with a very good feeling , right ? very good feeling . so I really want to thank you and my volunteers . all of these people volunteers and they travel and they and I say , what are you doing ? and now they are going to Texas and they are going all over . some are going to Nevada . I will be going to Nevada . we are making a big speech tomorrow in atlanta and then we are going right to Nevada . and I think we are going to do terrific and the secs going to be very , very exciting . we expect to do very , very well . very well . I want to just say thank you to my family . it is been not easy for them . they do not see me anymore . I am making speeches all the time and I have a great . I really have a great family so I just want to thank all of you . and Ivanka you know we have a hospital ready just in case . in South Carolina we are going to have a baby . there is nothing wrong with that , right ? so . could be it could be any second . it could even be before I am finished but it is but she insisted on being here . it was so important to Ivanka to insist on being here so thank you . really good and jared , vanessa , don . we have a wonderful Lieutenant Governor who backed us very early in the process . you know Henry , right ? the Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina . I will take him over the Governor anytime because we won . we won . he handle that very nicely . he is tough . he is very tough . Tiffany , Eric , Lara and Melania . Melania , say something . go ahead , please . just want to say an amazing place South Carolina . he was working very hard and he loves you . we love you and we are going ahead to Nevada . and we will see what happen sic . he would be the best president . and representing some very , very wonderful children , Ivanka . just say a few words . I . thank you , South Carolina . this is an amazing , amazing night . the momentum since the beginning of this campaign has been unbelievable and that is because my fathers message resonants so deeply with so many people . so as our family we are incredibly proud . we are incredibly grateful to each of you so thank you for being here to support us . and I will say this , my father is an incredibly hard worker and he will be working for each and every one of you . so together we will make America great again . thank you . thank you very much . thank you very much . so I was watching upstairs and it was really amazing to be watching what I was watching . and some of the pundits and overall fair but not too much . but a number of the pundits said , well , if a couple of the other candidates dropped out if you add their scores together it is going to equal Trump . but these geniuses they are geniuses they do not understand that as people drop out I am going to get a lot of those votes also . you do not just . you do not just add them together . so I think we are going to do very , very well . I think we are going to do very well . I want to also congratulate the other candidates . in particular I have to say Ted and Marco did a really good job and they got they did quite well as I understand . no , come on . just one minute . come on . one second , right ? good . ok . we go back to war tomorrow morning . tomorrow morning we will be back but I just want to congratulate the other candidates . there is nothing easy about running for president , I can tell you . it is tough , it is nasty , it is mean , it is vicious , it is beautiful . laughter . when you win it is beautiful and we are going to start we are going to start winning for our country . we are going to start winning . because our country does not win anymore . does not win . we do not win with the military , we cannot beat ISIS . we have great military but we cannot beat ISIS . we do not win on trade . you look at what Chinas doing to us , what Japan does to us , what Mexico is just killing us at the border at the border and with trade . Mexico is killing us absolutely . we will do the wall . do not worry . we are going to do the wall . we are going to do the wall and by the way , who is going to pay for the wall ? Mexico's going to pay for the wall and it is very easy . the other politicians come down , you cannot get Mexico to pay for the wall . I said , percent . we have a billion trade deficit with Mexico . the wall is going to cost to billion , ok ? believe me , they will pay . one of the officials actually , one of the ex-officials from Mexico had a news conference . and he announced that we will not be paying for the wall . who does Trump think he is ? they came to me the press . these people look at all those cameras back there . the press came to me and they told me that he said that he would not pay for the wall . do you have a comment ? I said , yes . the wall just got feet taller . it is true . and I love Mexico . I love Mexico , I love China , I love many of these countries that rip us off because we have leaders that are incomptent and do not know what they are doing . I love these countries . they are great . I have thousands and thousands of Hispanics . we are going to Nevada . I lead I lead with the Hispanics . I am leading in every poll with the Hispanics . they love me , I love them . the problem is the problem is that the leaders of these countries whether it is Mexico or Japan or Vietnam which is just doing a big number now all of a sudden or China in particular that is the big one . the greatest abuse of a country that I think I have ever seen financially China . what they have done to us is the greatest single theft in the history of the world . they have taken our jobs , they have taken our money , they have taken everything . we are bringing our jobs back , folks . we are bringing our jobs back . we are going to bring them back . and I know how to do it . we have had so many we have had so many incredible endorsements and to me getting the greatest business people to endorse me is very important . Carl Icahn endorsed me , so many others have endorsed me . and we are going to put these great business people in charge of trade and when China wants to come and negotiate , they are going to negotiate not with a political hack which is what they have now . they are going to negotiate with the best business minds in the world and we have them in this country . so we are going to do a lot of beautiful work . we are going to terminate Obamacare . it is going to terminated . it is going to be over . it is going to be repealed and it is going to be replaced . and you are going to have much better health care at a much smaller cost because Obamacare if you look look at the increases in your Obamacare . twenty-five , even percent . it is dead . it is not working . we are going to go to a plan that is going to be so much better and so much less expensive . so second amendment by the way this is a room loves the second amendment . thank you , fellows . this is a room loves and cherishes the second amendment . we are going to protect our second amendment . totally . common core is gone . we are getting rid of common core . we are bringing education to a local level . the people in this community every time I see them they want education locally . the parents , the teachers . they want to do it they do not want bureaucrats in Washington telling them how to educate their children . we spend as a nation more for education per pupil than any other nation in the world . not even close . more per pupil , second place does not even exist . it is so different . and yet out of countries we are ranked number . you have China , you have Norway , Swenden , Denmark and then you have the United States . so we spend the most and we are at the bottom of the heap . it is not going to happen anymore , folks . it is not going to happen anymore . we are going to build our military which I thank because a number of the people came down and a number of the pundits in Washington . I love our military . we love our military . and by the way we love our police . our police are terrific . we love our police . they are not being treated properly . we are going to build our military so big , so good , so strong , so powerful that nobody is ever going to mess with us , folks . and we are going to buy we are going to buy the equipment that our generals , our soldiers , that everybody that is in the know want . we are not buying equipment that sells because they have political pull . because they take campaign and they give campaign contributions . we are going to get the equipment that they want , not the equipment that they are told to have by senators and congressmen in Washington . we are going to have great equipment . and the reason I can say that is I am self-funding my campaign . I am not getting millions of dollars from all of these . I am not getting millions of dollars from all of these special interests and lobbyists and donors that once they get it they literally do whatever the politicians want . that is not going to happen . and we are going to take care of our vets . we love our vets and they are being treated terribly . we are taking care of our vets . so we are now off to Nevada and it is a great state . we have great people . we have great people in our nation . no matter where we go I went to Mobile , Alabama , people . we went to Oklahoma recently twice , people , people . no matter where we go we fill up the arenas . over here the other day we had a , we had a , we have people . the only thing that stops the crowds are the walls because we cannot get them in . we have to send thousands of people away . time magazine time magazine last year did an incredible cover story . they said it is a movement . and that is what it is . it is an incredible movement with incredible people . incredible people . it is an incredible movement with incredible people . I tell you . and whether we go honestly whether we go to Dallas or whether we go anywhere you say you go to you go anywhere you say . our people are incredible . and our theme what is our theme ? you know it , right ? our theme which I love may be the greatest theme of all time , right ? and the word again eventually is going to come off . we are going to get rid of the whole theme because what is going to happen make America great again , right ? and the last two weeks because I have gotten to see so many I guess millions when you add them all up with all of these rooms and all of these speeches . and I have met so many people . but the people are so incredible that I have been saying make America great again and it is going to be greater than ever before . that is the kind of potential we have . greater then every before . so I want to thank everybody . I love you all . again , South Carolina we will never forget you . we will never forget you . we will never , ever forget South Carolina . we will never forget our great volunteers . we love our volunteers . we will never forget all of the people that have helped us so much . my family and folks , let us go . let us have a big win in Nevada . let us have a big win at sec . let us put this thing away and let us make America great again . thank you very much . thank you very much . thank you , everybody .